It is , however , unfortunately impossible entirely to separate the sensational from the criminal , and a chronicler is left in the dilemma that he must either sacrifice details which are essential to his statement and so give a false impression of the problem , or he must use matter which chance , and not choice , has provided him with .
It is , however , unfortunately impossible entirely to separate the sensational from the criminal , and a chronicler is left in the dilemma that he must either sacrifice details which are essential to his statement and so give a false impression of the problem , or he must use matter which chance , and not choice , has provided him with .
For myself , my term of service in India had trained me to stand heat better than cold , and a thermometer at ninety was no hardship .
But the morning paper was uninteresting .
A depleted bank account had caused me to postpone my holiday , and as to my companion , neither the country nor the sea presented the slightest attraction to him .
He loved to lie in the very center of five millions of people , with his filaments stretching out and running through them , responsive to every little rumour or suspicion of unsolved crime .
Appreciation of nature found no place among his many gifts , and his only change was when he turned his mind from the evil-doer of the town to track down his brother of the country .
On my remarking that I was constantly in the habit of doing the same thing you expressed incredulity .
Oh , no !
Perhaps not with your tongue , my dear Watson , but certainly with your eyebrows .
But I was still far from satisfied .
You do yourself an injustice .
Perhaps you can not yourself recall how your reverie commenced ?
No , I can not .
No , I can not .
But it did not lead very far .
Your eyes flashed across to the unframed portrait of Henry Ward Beecher which stands upon the top of your books .
I was well aware that you could not do this without thinking of the mission which he undertook on behalf of the North at the time of the Civil War , for I remember your expressing your passionate indignation at the way in which he was received by the more turbulent of our people .
I was well aware that you could not do this without thinking of the mission which he undertook on behalf of the North at the time of the Civil War , for I remember your expressing your passionate indignation at the way in which he was received by the more turbulent of our people .
You felt so strongly about it that I knew you could not think of Beecher without thinking of that also .
You felt so strongly about it that I knew you could not think of Beecher without thinking of that also .
You were dwelling upon the sadness and horror and useless waste of life .
I should not have intruded it upon your attention had you not shown some incredulity the other day .
I should not have intruded it upon your attention had you not shown some incredulity the other day .
No , I saw nothing .
No , I saw nothing .
There is no indication as to the sender , and the matter is the more mysterious as Miss Cushing , who is a maiden lady of fifty , has led a most retired life , and has so few acquaintances or correspondents that it is a rare event for her to receive anything through the post .
Some years ago , however , when she resided at Penge , she let apartments in her house to three young medical students , whom she was obliged to get rid of on account of their noisy and irregular habits .
We have , of course , wired to the Belfast post-office , but a large number of parcels were handed in upon that day , and they have no means of identifying this particular one , or of remembering the sender .
The box is a half-pound box of honeydew tobacco and does not help us in any way .
What is the use of asking me questions when I tell you I know nothing whatever about it ?
I have no doubt that you have been annoyed more than enough already over this business .
I wo n't have those things in here , Mr. Lestrade .
I can not see the importance , said Lestrade .
What , did you not observe it ?
I think there can be no doubt of it .
The parcel was directed , then , by a man -- the printing is distinctly masculine -- of limited education and unacquainted with the town of Croydon .
You have observed , of course , said he at last , that the ears are not a pair .
But this is not a practical joke .
These ears bear no signs of this .
Again , carbolic or rectified spirits would be the preservatives which would suggest themselves to the medical mind , certainly not rough salt .
I repeat that there is no practical joke here , but that we are investigating a serious crime .
This brutal preliminary seemed to shadow forth some strange and inexplicable horror in the background .
The other is a man 's , sun-burned , discoloured , and also pierced for an earring .
She might have buried the ears , and no one would have been the wiser .
But if she does not wish to shield him she would give his name .
I think that I have nothing further to learn from Miss Cushing .
I am convinced , sir , she said , that this matter is a mistake , and that the parcel was never meant for me at all .
I have not an enemy in the world , as far as I know , so why should anyone play me such a trick ?
I stared hard myself at her flat , grizzled hair , her trim cap , her little gilt earrings , her placid features ; but I could see nothing which could account for my companion 's evident excitement .
Oh , I am weary of questions ! cried Miss Cushing impatiently .
I observed the very instant that I entered the room that you have a portrait group of three ladies upon the mantelpiece , one of whom is undoubtedly yourself , while the others are so exceedingly like you that there could be no doubt of the relationship .
I observe that she was unmarried at the time .
He was on the South American line when that was taken , but he was so fond of her that he could n't abide to leave her for so long , and he got into the Liverpool and London boats .
No , the May Day , when last I heard .
First he dropped me , then he quarrelled with Sarah , and now that Mary has stopped writing we do n't know how things are going with them .
I wonder , since you are both maiden ladies , that you do not keep house together .
Ah ! you do n't know Sarah 's temper or you would wonder no more .
Ah ! you do n't know Sarah 's temper or you would wonder no more .
I do n't want to say a word against my own sister , but she was always meddlesome and hard to please , was Sarah .
And now she has no word hard enough for Jim Browner .
Good-bye , and I am very sorry that you should have been troubled over a case with which , as you say , you have nothing whatever to do .
Our drive pulled up at a house which was not unlike the one which we had just quitted .
Our drive pulled up at a house which was not unlike the one which we had just quitted .
As her medical adviser , I can not possibly take the responsibility of allowing anyone to see her .
Well , if we ca n't we ca n't , said Holmes , cheerfully .
Well , if we ca n't we ca n't , said Holmes , cheerfully .
Perhaps she could not or would not have told you much .
Perhaps she could not or would not have told you much .
I did not wish her to tell me anything .
I was never more serious in my life .
You can not effect an arrest until to-morrow night at the earliest .
I should prefer that you do not mention my name at all in connection with the case , as I choose to be only associated with those crimes which present some difficulty in their solution .
Your case is not complete , then ? I asked .
And yet I can not see anything save very vague indications .
On the contrary , to my mind nothing could be more clear .
We had formed no theories .
As a medical man , you are aware , Watson , that there is no part of the body which varies so much as the human ear .
This quarrel had put a stop to all communications for some months , so that if Browner had occasion to address a packet to Miss Sarah , he would undoubtedly have done so to her old address .
A second solution was at this stage obviously possible , and although I thought it exceedingly unlikely , I was determined to elucidate it before going further .
An unsuccessful lover might have killed Mr. and Mrs. Browner , and the male ear might have belonged to the husband .
Then , of course , she might give us very important information , but I was not sanguine that she would .
Nothing could be more conclusive .
When he arrives he will be met by the obtuse but resolute Lestrade , and I have no doubt that we shall have all our details filled in .
Sherlock Holmes was not disappointed in his expectations .
He jumped up when he heard my business , and I had my whistle to my lips to call a couple of river police , who were round the corner , but he seemed to have no heart in him , and he held out his hands quietly enough for the darbies .
We brought him along to the cells , and his box as well , for we thought there might be something incriminating ; but , bar a big sharp knife such as most sailors have , we got nothing for our trouble .
However , we find that we shall want no more evidence , for on being brought before the inspector at the station he asked leave to make a statement , which was , of course , taken down , just as he made it , by our shorthand man .
The investigation really was a very simple one , remarked Holmes , but I do n't think it struck him in that light when he first called us in .
I do n't care a plug which you do .
I tell you I 've not shut an eye in sleep since I did it , and I do n't believe I ever will again until I get past all waking .
I tell you I 've not shut an eye in sleep since I did it , and I do n't believe I ever will again until I get past all waking .
I 'm never without one or the other before me .
It 's not that I want to clear myself .
We were just as happy as the day was long when we set up house together , and in all Liverpool there was no better woman than my Mary .
But when little Mary was there I had never a thought of her , and that I swear as I hope for God 's mercy .
It had seemed to me sometimes that she liked to be alone with me , or to coax me out for a walk with her , but I had never thought anything of that .
I was impatient and paced up and down the room .
It 's a bad compliment to me that you ca n't be contented with my society for so short a time .
There was no need for her to speak , nor for me either .
There was no need for her to speak , nor for me either .
I was a fool to let her go on biding with us -- a besotted fool -- but I never said a word to Mary , for I knew it would grieve her .
Day by day she grew queerer and more irritable , and we had ceaseless rows about nothing .
Sarah avoided me now , but she and Mary were just inseparable .
I can see now how she was plotting and scheming and poisoning my wife 's mind against me , but I was such a blind beetle that I could not understand it at the time .
Then I broke my blue ribbon and began to drink again , but I think I should not have done it if Mary had been the same as ever .
He was good company , I wo n't deny it , and he had wonderful polite ways with him for a sailor man , so that I think there must have been a time when he knew more of the poop than the forecastle .
For a month he was in and out of my house , and never once did it cross my mind that harm might come of his soft , tricky ways .
I had come into the parlour unexpected , and as I walked in at the door I saw a light of welcome on my wife 's face .
There was no one but Alec Fairbairn whose step she could have mistaken for mine .
Do n't , Jim , do n't ! says she .
Do n't , Jim , do n't ! says she .
Sarah , says I as I went in , this man Fairbairn is never to darken my door again .
Why not ? says she .
Oh ! says she , if my friends are not good enough for this house , then I am not good enough for it either .
Oh ! says she , if my friends are not good enough for this house , then I am not good enough for it either .
She was frightened by my face , I think , for she never answered a word , and the same evening she left my house .
Well , I do n't know now whether it was pure devilry on the part of this woman , or whether she thought that she could turn me against my wife by encouraging her to misbehave .
How often she went I do n't know , but I followed her one day , and as I broke in at the door Fairbairn got away over the back garden wall , like the cowardly skunk that he was .
There was no trace of love between us any longer .
Well , Sarah found that she could not make a living in Liverpool , so she went back , as I understand , to live with her sister in Croydon , and things jogged on much the same as ever at home .
The thought was in my head as I turned into my own street , and at that moment a cab passed me , and there she was , sitting by the side of Fairbairn , the two chatting and laughing , with never a thought for me as I stood watching them from the footpath .
I tell you , and I give you my word for it , that from that moment I was not my own master , and it is all like a dim dream when I look back on it .
I had a heavy oak stick in my hand , and I tell you I saw red from the first ; but as I ran I got cunning , too , and hung back a little to see them without being seen .
There was a good crowd round the booking-office , so I got quite close to them without being seen .
When we reached it they walked along the Parade , and I was never more than a hundred yards from them .
There was a bit of a haze , and you could not see more than a few hundred yards .
I cleaned myself up , got back to land , and joined my ship without a soul having a suspicion of what had passed .
You can hang me , or do what you like with me , but you can not punish me as I have been punished already .
I can not shut my eyes but I see those two faces staring at me -- staring at me as they stared when my boat broke through the haze .
You wo n't put me alone into a cell , sir ?
For pity 's sake do n't , and may you be treated in your day of agony as you treat me now .
It must tend to some end , or else our universe is ruled by chance , which is unthinkable .
Well , Mrs. Warren , I can not see that you have any particular cause for uneasiness , nor do I understand why I , whose time is of some value , should interfere in the matter .
Well , Mrs. Warren , I can not see that you have any particular cause for uneasiness , nor do I understand why I , whose time is of some value , should interfere in the matter .
Well , Mrs. Warren , I can not see that you have any particular cause for uneasiness , nor do I understand why I , whose time is of some value , should interfere in the matter .
But he would never cease talking of it -- your kindness , sir , and the way in which you brought light into the darkness .
You do n't object to tobacco , I take it ?
You are uneasy , as I understand , because your new lodger remains in his rooms and you can not see him .
Why , bless you , Mrs. Warren , if I were your lodger you often would not see me for weeks on end .
I ca n't sleep for fright .
To hear his quick step moving here and moving there from early morning to late at night , and yet never to catch so much as a glimpse of him -- it 's more than I can stand .
My husband is as nervous over it as I am , but he is out at his work all day , while I get no rest from it .
If not , I 'll have no more to do with you .
If not , I 'll have no more to do with you .
Also , that he was to be left entirely to himself and never , upon any excuse , to be disturbed .
Nothing wonderful in that , surely ?
Not in reason , sir .
He has been there for ten days , and neither Mr. Warren , nor I , nor the girl has once set eyes upon him .
We can hear that quick step of his pacing up and down , up and down , night , morning , and noon ; but except on that first night he had never once gone out of the house .
He told me after he had taken the rooms that he would do so and asked me not to bar the door .
Just the word , nothing more .
Dear me , Watson , said Homes , staring with great curiosity at the slips of foolscap which the landlady had handed to him , this is certainly a little unusual .
I can not imagine .
The words are written with a broad-pointed , violet-tinted pencil of a not unusual pattern .
The words are written with a broad-pointed , violet-tinted pencil of a not unusual pattern .
Youngish , sir -- not over thirty .
Well , can you give me no further indications ?
Dark clothes -- nothing you would note .
He gave no name ?
No , sir .
And has had no letters or callers ?
None .
No , sir ; he looks after himself entirely .
He had one big brown bag with him -- nothing else .
Well , we do n't seem to have much material to help us .
Do you say nothing has come out of that room -- absolutely nothing ?
Do you say nothing has come out of that room -- absolutely nothing ?
There is nothing here , said he .
I do n't understand that .
No , no ; the end is matted .
No , no ; the end is matted .
I suppose there could not be two people in your rooms , Mrs. Warren ?
No , sir .
After all , you have nothing to complain of .
You have received your rent , and he is not a troublesome lodger , though he is certainly an unusual one .
You have received your rent , and he is not a troublesome lodger , though he is certainly an unusual one .
He pays you well , and if he chooses to lie concealed it is no direct business of yours .
We have no excuse for an intrusion upon his privacy until we have some reason to think that there is a guilty reason for it .
I 've taken up the matter , and I wo n't lose sight of it .
Well , apart from this cigarette-end , was it not suggestive that the only time the lodger went out was immediately after his taking the rooms ?
We have no proof that the person who came back was the person who went out .
I can imagine that the word was taken out of a dictionary , which would give the noun but not the plural .
But surely the most valuable hunting-ground that ever was given to a student of the unusual !
This person is alone and can not be approached by letter without a breach of that absolute secrecy which is desired .
This person is alone and can not be approached by letter without a breach of that absolute secrecy which is desired .
There seems no other way , and fortunately we need concern ourselves with the one paper only .
Surely Jimmy will not break his mother 's heart -- that appears to be irrelevant .
Surely Jimmy will not break his mother 's heart -- that appears to be irrelevant .
If the lady who fainted on Brixton bus -- she does not interest me .
Every day my heart longs -- Bleat , Watson -- unmitigated bleat !
The mysterious one could understand English , even if he could not print it .
Nothing for a week after that .
That was in yesterday 's paper , and there is nothing in to-day 's .
If we wait a little , Watson , I do n't doubt that the affair will grow more intelligible .
I 'll have no more of it !
Well , this morning he had not gone ten paces down the road when two men came up behind him , threw a coat over his head , and bundled him into a cab that was beside the curb .
He lay in the roadway so shaken in his wits that he never saw what became of the cab .
No ; he is clean dazed .
Well , we 've lived there fifteen years and no such happenings ever came before .
Money 's not everything .
Do nothing rash .
What they would have done had it not been a mistake , we can only conjecture .
I do n't see how that is to be managed , unless you break in the door .
Holmes pointed with a chuckle to one of these , a row of residential flats , which projected so that they could not fail to catch the eye .
What I did not foresee is that we should find a woman , and no ordinary woman , Watson .
What I did not foresee is that we should find a woman , and no ordinary woman , Watson .
It is not an easy problem , but he solved it in an original fashion , and so effectively that her presence was not even known to the landlady who supplies her with food .
It is not an easy problem , but he solved it in an original fashion , and so effectively that her presence was not even known to the landlady who supplies her with food .
The man can not come near the woman , or he will guide their enemies to her .
Since he can not communicate with her direct , he has recourse to the agony column of a paper .
This much we can say : that it is no ordinary love escapade .
The attack upon Mr. Warren further shows that the enemy , whoever they are , are themselves not aware of the substitution of the female lodger for the male .
I suppose when you doctored you found yourself studying cases without thought of a fee ?
Education never ends , Watson .
There is neither money nor credit in it , and yet one would wish to tidy it up .
That ca n't be all , Watson ?
ATTENTA gives no sense .
Nor is it any better as three words AT , TEN , TA , unless T. A. are a person 's initials .
No , that seems to be the finish .
And not a very obscure cipher , Watson , said he .
Not a doubt of it .
There , dimly outlined at the top window , I could see the shadow of a head , a woman 's head , gazing tensely , rigidly , out into the night , waiting with breathless suspense for the renewal of that interrupted message .
How you got on to it I ca n't imagine .
But since it is safe in your hands I see no object in continuing this business .
I 'll do you this justice , Mr. Holmes , that I was never in a case yet that I did n't feel stronger for having you on my side .
I 'll do you this justice , Mr. Holmes , that I was never in a case yet that I did n't feel stronger for having you on my side .
We KNOW he is at the bottom of fifty murders , and yet we have nothing positive we can take him on .
Mr. Gregson and I ran him to ground in that big tenement house , and there 's only one door , so he ca n't slip us .
There 's three folk come out since he went in , but I 'll swear he was n't one of them .
I expect , as usual , he knows a good deal that we do n't .
But we have no warrant for his arrest .
He is in unoccupied premises under suspicious circumstances , said Gregson .
When we have him by the heels we can see if New York ca n't help us to keep him .
Our official detectives may blunder in the matter of intelligence , but never in that of courage .
On the deal boards of the carpetless floor there was outlined a fresh track of blood .
Not much , Mr. Holmes , among the millions of London .
Perhaps not .
Your cipher was not difficult , madam .
I do not understand how you know these things , she said .
Well , Mrs. Lucca , said the prosaic Gregson , laying his hand upon the lady 's sleeve with as little sentiment as if she were a Notting Hill hooligan , I am not very clear yet who you are or what you are ; but you 've said enough to make it very clear that we shall want you at the Yard .
But if you think that he has acted from motives which are not criminal , and which he would wish to have known , then you can not serve him better than by telling us the whole story .
But if you think that he has acted from motives which are not criminal , and which he would wish to have known , then you can not serve him better than by telling us the whole story .
Now that Gorgiano is dead we fear nothing , said the lady .
He was a devil and a monster , and there can be no judge in the world who would punish my husband for having killed him .
She spoke in rapid and fluent but very unconventional English , which , for the sake of clearness , I will make grammatical .
He had neither money nor position -- nothing but his beauty and strength and energy -- so my father forbade the match .
Yet I was aware that Gennaro was no more happy than I was in his presence .
Gennaro said nothing , but I , who knew him so well , could read in his face some emotion which I had never seen there before .
Gennaro said nothing , but I , who knew him so well , could read in his face some emotion which I had never seen there before .
At first I thought that it was dislike .
And then , gradually , I understood that it was more than dislike .
That night -- the night that I read his terror -- I put my arms round him and I implored him by his love for me and by all that he held dear to hold nothing from me , and to tell me why this huge man overshadowed him so .
The oaths and secrets of this brotherhood were frightful , but once within its rule no escape was possible .
Gennaro had not yet returned when he came .
He struck Gennaro senseless and fled from the house which he was never more to enter .
He struck Gennaro senseless and fled from the house which he was never more to enter .
By midday my husband and I were on our way to London , but not before he had given our benefactor full warning of this danger , and had also left such information for the police as would safeguard his life for the future .
My darling made use of the few clear days which our start had given us in arranging for a refuge for me in such a fashion that no possible danger could reach me .
I do not myself know where he lived , or how .
Well , Mr. Gregson , said the American , looking across at the official , I do n't know what your British point of view may be , but I guess that in New York this lady 's husband will receive a pretty general vote of thanks .
If what she says is corroborated , I do not think she or her husband has much to fear .
But what I ca n't make head or tail of , Mr. Holmes , is how on earth YOU got yourself mixed up in the matter .
By the way , it is not eight o'clock , and a Wagner night at Covent Garden !
Mr. Sherlock Holmes , who was usually very late in the mornings , save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was up all night , was seated at the breakfast table .
Mr. Sherlock Holmes , who was usually very late in the mornings , save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was up all night , was seated at the breakfast table .
Mr. Sherlock Holmes , who was usually very late in the mornings , save upon those not infrequent occasions when he was up all night , was seated at the breakfast table .
Holmes was sitting with his back to me , and I had given him no sign of my occupation .
Since we have been so unfortunate as to miss him and have no notion of his errand , this accidental souvenir becomes of importance .
Since we have been so unfortunate as to miss him and have no notion of his errand , this accidental souvenir becomes of importance .
It may be that you are not yourself luminous , but you are a conductor of light .
Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it .
He had never said as much before , and I must admit that his words gave me keen pleasure , for I had often been piqued by his indifference to my admiration and to the attempts which I had made to give publicity to his methods .
I trust that there is nothing of consequence which I have overlooked ?
Not that you are entirely wrong in this instance .
No , no , my dear Watson , not all -- by no means all .
No , no , my dear Watson , not all -- by no means all .
No , no , my dear Watson , not all -- by no means all .
No , no , my dear Watson , not all -- by no means all .
And if we take this as a working hypothesis we have a fresh basis from which to start our construction of this unknown visitor .
Do none suggest themselves ?
Now , you will observe that he could not have been on the staff of the hospital , since only a man well-established in a London practice could hold such a position , and such a one would not drift into the country .
Now , you will observe that he could not have been on the staff of the hospital , since only a man well-established in a London practice could hold such a position , and such a one would not drift into the country .
If he was in the hospital and yet not on the staff he could only have been a house-surgeon or a house-physician -- little more than a senior student .
So your grave , middle-aged family practitioner vanishes into thin air , my dear Watson , and there emerges a young fellow under thirty , amiable , unambitious , absent-minded , and the possessor of a favourite dog , which I should describe roughly as being larger than a terrier and smaller than a mastiff .
I laughed incredulously as Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his settee and blew little wavering rings of smoke up to the ceiling .
As to the latter part , I have no means of checking you , said I , but at least it is not difficult to find out a few particulars about the man 's age and professional career .
As to the latter part , I have no means of checking you , said I , but at least it is not difficult to find out a few particulars about the man 's age and professional career .
No mention of that local hunt , Watson , said Holmes with a mischievous smile , but a country doctor , as you very astutely observed .
As to the adjectives , I said , if I remember right , amiable , unambitious , and absent-minded .
It is my experience that it is only an amiable man in this world who receives testimonials , only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country , and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room .
It is my experience that it is only an amiable man in this world who receives testimonials , only an unambitious one who abandons a London career for the country , and only an absent-minded one who leaves his stick and not his visiting-card after waiting an hour in your room .
The dog 's jaw , as shown in the space between these marks , is too broad in my opinion for a terrier and not broad enough for a mastiff .
Do n't move , I beg you , Watson .
Now is the dramatic moment of fate , Watson , when you hear a step upon the stair which is walking into your life , and you know not whether for good or ill .
I was not sure whether I had left it here or in the Shipping Office .
I would not lose that stick for the world .
Come , come , we are not so far wrong , after all , said Holmes .
A dabbler in science , Mr. Holmes , a picker up of shells on the shores of the great unknown ocean .
I presume that it is Mr. Sherlock Holmes whom I am addressing and not --
No , this is my friend Dr. Watson .
It is not my intention to be fulsome , but I confess that I covet your skull .
Have no hesitation in lighting one .
I presume , sir , said he at last , that it was not merely for the purpose of examining my skull that you have done me the honour to call here last night and again today ?
No , sir , no ; though I am happy to have had the opportunity of doing that as well .
No , sir , no ; though I am happy to have had the opportunity of doing that as well .
I came to you , Mr. Holmes , because I recognized that I am myself an unpractical man and because I am suddenly confronted with a most serious and extraordinary problem .
Then had you not better consult him ?
I trust , sir , that I have not inadvertently --
I trust , sir , that I have not inadvertently --
It would be a poor expert who could not give the date of a document within a decade or so .
He was a strong-minded man , sir , shrewd , practical , and as unimaginative as I am myself .
And I would have you believe , my sons , that the same Justice which punishes sin may also most graciously forgive it , and that no ban is so heavy but that by prayer and repentance it may be removed .
Learn then from this story not to fear the fruits of the past , but rather to be circumspect in the future , that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so grievously may not again be loosed to our undoing .
Learn then from this story not to fear the fruits of the past , but rather to be circumspect in the future , that those foul passions whereby our family has suffered so grievously may not again be loosed to our undoing .
Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion ( the history of which by the learned Lord Clarendon I most earnestly commend to your attention ) this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name , nor can it be gainsaid that he was a most wild , profane , and godless man .
Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion ( the history of which by the learned Lord Clarendon I most earnestly commend to your attention ) this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name , nor can it be gainsaid that he was a most wild , profane , and godless man .
This , in truth , his neighbours might have pardoned , seeing that saints have never flourished in those parts , but there was in him a certain wanton and cruel humour which made his name a by-word through the West .
Now , for some space the revellers stood agape , unable to understand all that had been done in such haste .
And the man , as the story goes , was so crazed with fear that he could scarce speak , but at last he said that he had indeed seen the unhappy maiden , with the hounds upon her track .
The most of them would by no means advance , but three of them , the boldest , or it may be the most drunken , rode forward down the goyal .
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing , and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen , dead of fear and of fatigue .
But it was not the sight of her body , nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her , which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers , but it was that , standing over Hugo , and plucking at his throat , there stood a foul thing , a great , black beast , shaped like a hound , yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon .
But it was not the sight of her body , nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her , which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers , but it was that , standing over Hugo , and plucking at his throat , there stood a foul thing , a great , black beast , shaped like a hound , yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon .
Nor can it be denied that many of the family have been unhappy in their deaths , which have been sudden , bloody , and mysterious .
Nor can it be denied that many of the family have been unhappy in their deaths , which have been sudden , bloody , and mysterious .
Yet may we shelter ourselves in the infinite goodness of Providence , which would not forever punish the innocent beyond that third or fourth generation which is threatened in Holy Writ .
Yet may we shelter ourselves in the infinite goodness of Providence , which would not forever punish the innocent beyond that third or fourth generation which is threatened in Holy Writ .
[ This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John , with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth . ]
Do you not find it interesting ?
Being himself childless , it was his openly expressed desire that the whole countryside should , within his own lifetime , profit by his good fortune , and many will have personal reasons for bewailing his untimely end .
The circumstances connected with the death of Sir Charles can not be said to have been entirely cleared up by the inquest , but at least enough has been done to dispose of those rumours to which local superstition has given rise .
There is no reason whatever to suspect foul play , or to imagine that death could be from any but natural causes .
Their evidence , corroborated by that of several friends , tends to show that Sir Charles 's health has for some time been impaired , and points especially to some affection of the heart , manifesting itself in changes of colour , breathlessness , and acute attacks of nervous depression .
He never returned .
One fact which has not been explained is the statement of Barrymore that his master 's footprints altered their character from the time that he passed the moor-gate , and that he appeared from thence onward to have been walking upon his toes .
One Murphy , a gipsy horse-dealer , was on the moor at no great distance at the time , but he appears by his own confession to have been the worse for drink .
He declares that he heard cries but is unable to state from what direction they came .
No signs of violence were to be discovered upon Sir Charles 's person , and though the doctor 's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion -- so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend and patient who lay before him -- it was explained that that is a symptom which is not unusual in cases of dyspnoea and death from cardiac exhaustion .
No signs of violence were to be discovered upon Sir Charles 's person , and though the doctor 's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion -- so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend and patient who lay before him -- it was explained that that is a symptom which is not unusual in cases of dyspnoea and death from cardiac exhaustion .
No signs of violence were to be discovered upon Sir Charles 's person , and though the doctor 's evidence pointed to an almost incredible facial distortion -- so great that Dr. Mortimer refused at first to believe that it was indeed his friend and patient who lay before him -- it was explained that that is a symptom which is not unusual in cases of dyspnoea and death from cardiac exhaustion .
Had the prosaic finding of the coroner not finally put an end to the romantic stories which have been whispered in connection with the affair , it might have been difficult to find a tenant for Baskerville Hall .
In doing so , said Dr. Mortimer , who had begun to show signs of some strong emotion , I am telling that which I have not confided to anyone .
I had the further motive that Baskerville Hall , as the paper says , would certainly remain untenanted if anything were done to increase its already rather grim reputation .
For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew , since no practical good could result from it , but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank .
For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew , since no practical good could result from it , but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank .
For both these reasons I thought that I was justified in telling rather less than I knew , since no practical good could result from it , but with you there is no reason why I should not be perfectly frank .
With the exception of Mr. Frankland , of Lafter Hall , and Mr. Stapleton , the naturalist , there are no other men of education within many miles .
He had taken this legend which I have read you exceedingly to heart -- so much so that , although he would walk in his own grounds , nothing would induce him to go out upon the moor at night .
Incredible as it may appear to you , Mr. Holmes , he was honestly convinced that a dreadful fate overhung his family , and certainly the records which he was able to give of his ancestors were not encouraging .
I mention this small episode because it assumes some importance in view of the tragedy which followed , but I was convinced at the time that the matter was entirely trivial and that his excitement had no justification .
I followed the footsteps down the yew alley , I saw the spot at the moor-gate where he seemed to have waited , I remarked the change in the shape of the prints after that point , I noted that there were no other footsteps save those of Barrymore on the soft gravel , and finally I carefully examined the body , which had not been touched until my arrival .
I followed the footsteps down the yew alley , I saw the spot at the moor-gate where he seemed to have waited , I remarked the change in the shape of the prints after that point , I noted that there were no other footsteps save those of Barrymore on the soft gravel , and finally I carefully examined the body , which had not been touched until my arrival .
There was certainly no physical injury of any kind .
He said that there were no traces upon the ground round the body .
He did not observe any .
And you said nothing ?
How was it that no one else saw it ?
The marks were some twenty yards from the body and no one gave them a thought .
I do n't suppose I should have done so had I not known this legend .
I do n't suppose I should have done so had I not known this legend .
No doubt , but this was no sheep-dog .
But it had not approached the body ?
No .
But not actually raining ?
No .
There are two lines of old yew hedge , twelve feet high and impenetrable .
None .
No ; he lay about fifty yards from it .
Now , tell me , Dr. Mortimer -- and this is important -- the marks which you saw were on the path and not on the grass ?
No marks could show on the grass .
None in particular .
Did no one examine ?
And found nothing ?
I could discern no others .
Sherlock Holmes struck his hand against his knee with an impatient gesture .
Oh , Dr. Mortimer , Dr. Mortimer , to think that you should not have called me in !
I could not call you in , Mr. Holmes , without disclosing these facts to the world , and I have already given my reasons for not wishing to do so .
I could not call you in , Mr. Holmes , without disclosing these facts to the world , and I have already given my reasons for not wishing to do so .
I could not call you in , Mr. Holmes , without disclosing these facts to the world , and I have already given my reasons for not wishing to do so .
I did not positively say so .
No , but you evidently think it .
I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon , and which could not possibly be any animal known to science .
I do not know what to believe .
You tell me in the same breath that it is useless to investigate Sir Charles 's death , and that you desire me to do it .
I did not say that I desired you to do it .
I speak now not as a medical man but as a trustee and executor of Sir Charles 's will .
There is no other claimant , I presume ?
None .
Why should he not go to the home of his fathers ?
And yet it can not be denied that the prosperity of the whole poor , bleak countryside depends upon his presence .
All the good work which has been done by Sir Charles will crash to the ground if there is no tenant of the Hall .
In your opinion there is a diabolical agency which makes Dartmoor an unsafe abode for a Baskerville -- that is your opinion ?
A devil with merely local powers like a parish vestry would be too inconceivable a thing .
And then you will say nothing to him at all until I have made up my mind about the matter .
I have not heard of any .
No , my dear fellow , it is at the hour of action that I turn to you for aid .
It would be as well if you could make it convenient not to return before evening .
I knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence , constructed alternative theories , balanced one against the other , and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial .
I therefore spent the day at my club and did not return to Baker Street until evening .
No , it 's this poisonous atmosphere .
It is intolerable .
He is not a man with intimate friends .
Is it not obvious ?
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes .
On the contrary , I have been to Devonshire .
My body has remained in this armchair and has , I regret to observe , consumed in my absence two large pots of coffee and an incredible amount of tobacco .
I fancy the yew alley , though not marked under that name , must stretch along this line , with the moor , as you perceive , upon the right of it .
Between and around these scattered points extends the desolate , lifeless moor .
I think we 'll shut that window again , if you do n't mind .
I have not pushed it to the length of getting into a box to think , but that is the logical outcome of my convictions .
Then , again , whom was he waiting for that night , and why was he waiting for him in the yew alley rather than in his own house ?
I think it unlikely that he waited at the moor-gate every evening .
On the contrary , the evidence is that he avoided the moor .
Why , yes , said he , and the strange thing is , Mr. Sherlock Holmes , that if my friend here had not proposed coming round to you this morning I should have come on my own account .
Nothing of much importance , Mr. Holmes .
No one could have known .
No , I had been staying with a friend , said the doctor .
There was no possible indication that we intended to go to this hotel .
You must allow that there is nothing supernatural about this , at any rate ?
No , sir , but it might very well come from someone who was convinced that the business is supernatural .
I do n't know much about the tariff and things of that kind , said he , but it seems to me we 've got a bit off the trail so far as that note is concerned .
Watson here knows more about my methods than you do , but I fear that even he has not quite grasped the significance of this sentence .
No , I confess that I see no connection .
No , I confess that I see no connection .
Well , if that is n't smart ! cried Sir Henry .
But a Times leader is entirely distinctive , and these words could have been taken from nothing else .
Because he could not find it in print .
We may take it , therefore , that the letter was composed by an educated man who wished to pose as an uneducated one , and his effort to conceal his own writing suggests that that writing might be known , or come to be known , by you .
Again , you will observe that the words are not gummed on in an accurate line , but that some are much higher than others .
That may point to carelessness or it may point to agitation and hurry upon the part of the cutter .
On the whole I incline to the latter view , since the matter was evidently important , and it is unlikely that the composer of such a letter would be careless .
On the whole I incline to the latter view , since the matter was evidently important , and it is unlikely that the composer of such a letter would be careless .
Nothing , said he , throwing it down .
It is a blank half-sheet of paper , without even a water-mark upon it .
Why , no , Mr. Holmes .
I think not .
You have not observed anyone follow or watch you ?
You have nothing else to report to us before we go into this matter ?
I do n't know much of British life yet , for I have spent nearly all my time in the States and in Canada .
But I hope that to lose one of your boots is not part of the ordinary routine of life over here .
I could get no sense out of the chap who cleans them .
The worst of it is that I only bought the pair last night in the Strand , and I have never had them on .
If you have never worn them , why did you put them out to be cleaned ?
They were tan boots and had never been varnished .
You see , if I am to be squire down there I must dress the part , and it may be that I have got a little careless in my ways out West .
It seems a singularly useless thing to steal , said Sherlock Holmes .
I confess that I share Dr. Mortimer 's belief that it will not be long before the missing boot is found .
Dr. Mortimer , I think you could not do better than to tell your story as you told it to us .
It 's the pet story of the family , though I never thought of taking it seriously before .
But as to my uncle 's death -- well , it all seems boiling up in my head , and I ca n't get it clear yet .
You do n't seem quite to have made up your mind whether it 's a case for a policeman or a clergyman .
And also , said Holmes , that someone is not ill-disposed towards you , since they warn you of danger .
But the practical point which we now have to decide , Sir Henry , is whether it is or is not advisable for you to go to Baskerville Hall .
Why should I not go ?
There is no devil in hell , Mr. Holmes , and there is no man upon earth who can prevent me from going to the home of my own people , and you may take that to be my final answer .
There is no devil in hell , Mr. Holmes , and there is no man upon earth who can prevent me from going to the home of my own people , and you may take that to be my final answer .
It was evident that the fiery temper of the Baskervilles was not extinct in this their last representative .
Not a moment to lose !
Not for the world , my dear Watson .
We 'll have a good look at him , if we can do no more .
Holmes looked eagerly round for another , but no empty one was in sight .
I have not an idea .
I was looking out for loiterers in the street , but I saw none .
This matter cuts very deep , and though I have not finally made up my mind whether it is a benevolent or a malevolent agency which is in touch with us , I am conscious always of power and design .
So wily was he that he had not trusted himself upon foot , but he had availed himself of a cab so that he could loiter behind or dash past them and so escape their notice .
What a pity we did not get the number !
My dear Watson , clumsy as I have been , you surely do not seriously imagine that I neglected to get the number ?
But that is no use to us for the moment .
I fail to see how you could have done more .
As it is , by an indiscreet eagerness , which was taken advantage of with extraordinary quickness and energy by our opponent , we have betrayed ourselves and lost our man .
There is no object in our following them , said Holmes .
The shadow has departed and will not return .
A clever man upon so delicate an errand has no use for a beard save to conceal his features .
Ah , Wilson , I see you have not forgotten the little case in which I had the good fortune to help you ?
No , sir , indeed I have not .
No , sir , indeed I have not .
Not in the least .
No , sir , this is Mr. Johnson , the coal-owner , a very active gentleman , not older than yourself .
No , sir , this is Mr. Johnson , the coal-owner , a very active gentleman , not older than yourself .
No , sir ! he has used this hotel for many years , and he is very well known to us .
Thank you ; I am afraid I can not claim her acquaintance .
We know now that the people who are so interested in our friend have not settled down in his own hotel .
That means that while they are , as we have seen , very anxious to watch him , they are equally anxious that he should not see them .
By thunder , if that chap ca n't find my missing boot there will be trouble .
What ! you do n't mean to say -- ?
Speak out , man , and do n't stand staring !
No , sir ; I have made inquiry all over the hotel , but I can hear no word of it .
No , sir ; I have made inquiry all over the hotel , but I can hear no word of it .
I just do n't attempt to explain it .
Well , I do n't profess to understand it yet .
When taken in conjunction with your uncle 's death I am not sure that of all the five hundred cases of capital importance which I have handled there is one which cuts so deep .
If their intentions are evil they might do you a mischief , and we should be powerless to prevent it .
You did not know , Dr. Mortimer , that you were followed this morning from my house ?
That , unfortunately , is what I can not tell you .
That , unfortunately , is what I can not tell you .
No -- or , let me see -- why , yes .
At the same time , said Baskerville , it 's clear enough that so long as there are none of the family at the Hall these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do .
At the same time , said Baskerville , it 's clear enough that so long as there are none of the family at the Hall these people have a mighty fine home and nothing to do .
I hope , said Dr. Mortimer , that you do not look with suspicious eyes upon everyone who received a legacy from Sir Charles , for I also had a thousand pounds left to me .
I had no idea that so gigantic a sum was involved , said he .
Sir Charles had the reputation of being rich , but we did not know how very rich he was until we came to examine his securities .
Supposing that anything happened to our young friend here -- you will forgive the unpleasant hypothesis ! -- who would inherit the estate ?
Since Rodger Baskerville , Sir Charles 's younger brother died unmarried , the estate would descend to the Desmonds , who are distant cousins .
No , Mr. Holmes , I have not .
No , Mr. Holmes , I have not .
I 've had no time , for it was only yesterday that I learned how matters stood .
How is the owner going to restore the glories of the Baskervilles if he has not money enough to keep up the property ?
Well , Sir Henry , I am of one mind with you as to the advisability of your going down to Devonshire without delay .
You certainly must not go alone .
With all the goodwill in the world he may be unable to help you .
No , Sir Henry , you must take with you someone , a trusty man , who will be always by your side .
If matters came to a crisis I should endeavour to be present in person ; but you can understand that , with my extensive consulting practice and with the constant appeals which reach me from many quarters , it is impossible for me to be absent from London for an indefinite time .
You will see how impossible it is for me to go to Dartmoor .
If my friend would undertake it there is no man who is better worth having at your side when you are in a tight place .
No one can say so more confidently than I .
If you will come down to Baskerville Hall and see me through I 'll never forget it .
I do not know how I could employ my time better .
There was certainly no boot in it then .
The German was sent for but professed to know nothing of the matter , nor could any inquiry clear it up .
The German was sent for but professed to know nothing of the matter , nor could any inquiry clear it up .
Another item had been added to that constant and apparently purposeless series of small mysteries which had succeeded each other so rapidly .
Setting aside the whole grim story of Sir Charles 's death , we had a line of inexplicable incidents all within the limits of two days , which included the receipt of the printed letter , the black-bearded spy in the hansom , the loss of the new brown boot , the loss of the old black boot , and now the return of the new brown boot .
Holmes sat in silence in the cab as we drove back to Baker Street , and I knew from his drawn brows and keen face that his mind , like my own , was busy in endeavouring to frame some scheme into which all these strange and apparently disconnected episodes could be fitted .
Visited twenty-three hotels as directed , but sorry , to report unable to trace cut sheet of Times .
There is nothing more stimulating than a case where everything goes against you .
I should not be surprised if this were an answer to my question .
I 've driven my cab this seven years and never a word of complaint .
I have nothing in the world against you , my good man , said Holmes .
Well , I 've had a good day and no mistake , said the cabman with a grin .
Why , there 's no good my telling you things , for you seem to know as much as I do already , said he .
The truth is that the gentleman told me that he was a detective and that I was to say nothing about him to anyone .
That was imprudent .
Never have I seen my friend more completely taken aback than by the cabman 's reply .
A touch , Watson -- an undeniable touch ! said he .
He said that he was a detective , and he offered me two guineas if I would do exactly what he wanted all day and ask no questions .
Well , I could n't be sure of that , but I dare say my fare knew all about it .
And you saw no more of him ?
Not after he went into the station .
Well , he was n't altogether such an easy gentleman to describe .
I do n't know as I could say more than that .
No , I ca n't say that .
No , I ca n't say that .
Nothing more that you can remember ?
No , sir ; nothing .
No , sir ; nothing .
But I 'm not easy in my mind about it .
I will not bias your mind by suggesting theories or suspicions , Watson , said he ; I wish you simply to report facts in the fullest possible manner to me , and you can leave me to do the theorizing .
One thing only appears to be certain , and that is that Mr. James Desmond , who is the next heir , is an elderly gentleman of a very amiable disposition , so that this persecution does not arise from him .
Would it not be well in the first place to get rid of this Barrymore couple ?
By no means .
You could not make a greater mistake .
No , no , we will preserve them upon our list of suspects .
No , no , we will preserve them upon our list of suspects .
There is our friend Dr. Mortimer , whom I believe to be entirely honest , and there is his wife , of whom we know nothing .
There is Mr. Frankland , of Lafter Hall , who is also an unknown factor , and there are one or two other neighbours .
Keep your revolver near you night and day , and never relax your precautions .
No , we have no news of any kind , said Dr. Mortimer in answer to my friend 's questions .
No , we have no news of any kind , said Dr. Mortimer in answer to my friend 's questions .
I can swear to one thing , and that is that we have not been shadowed during the last two days .
We have never gone out without keeping a sharp watch , and no one could have escaped our notice .
We have never gone out without keeping a sharp watch , and no one could have escaped our notice .
We have never gone out without keeping a sharp watch , and no one could have escaped our notice .
Except yesterday afternoon .
But we had no trouble of any kind .
It was imprudent , all the same , said Holmes , shaking his head and looking very grave .
I beg , Sir Henry , that you will not go about alone .
No , sir , it is gone forever .
I looked back at the platform when we had left it far behind and saw the tall , austere figure of Holmes standing motionless and gazing after us .
I 've been over a good part of the world since I left it , Dr. Watson , said he ; but I have never seen a place to compare with it .
I never saw a Devonshire man who did not swear by his county , I remarked .
I never saw a Devonshire man who did not swear by his county , I remarked .
I was a boy in my teens at the time of my father 's death and had never seen the Hall , for he lived in a little cottage on the South Coast .
He 's been out three days now , and the warders watch every road and every station , but they 've had no sight of him yet .
The farmers about here do n't like it , sir , and that 's a fact .
You see , it is n't like any ordinary convict .
This is a man that would stick at nothing .
Now and then we passed a moorland cottage , walled and roofed with stone , with no creeper to break its harsh outline .
No , no , the yew alley is on the other side .
No , no , the yew alley is on the other side .
It 's no wonder my uncle felt as if trouble were coming on him in such a place as this , said he .
I 'll have a row of electric lamps up here inside of six months , and you wo n't know it again , with a thousand candle-power Swan and Edison right here in front of the hall door .
You do n't mind my driving straight home , Sir Henry ? said Dr. Mortimer .
No , I must go .
Good-bye , and never hesitate night or day to send for me if I can be of service .
I fear that we shall never again be easy in our minds at Baskerville Hall .
I have no doubt , sir , that we shall succeed in establishing ourselves in some business .
My word , it is n't a very cheerful place , said Sir Henry .
I do n't wonder that my uncle got a little jumpy if he lived all alone in such a house as this .
And yet it was not quite the last .
I found myself weary and yet wakeful , tossing restlessly from side to side , seeking for the sleep which would not come .
I found myself weary and yet wakeful , tossing restlessly from side to side , seeking for the sleep which would not come .
And then suddenly , in the very dead of the night , there came a sound to my ears , clear , resonant , and unmistakable .
It was the sob of a woman , the muffled , strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow .
The noise could not have been far away and was certainly in the house .
For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert , but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall .
I guess it is ourselves and not the house that we have to blame ! said the baronet .
And yet it was not entirely a question of imagination , I answered .
I waited quite a time , but there was no more of it , so I concluded that it was all a dream .
The other is my wife , and I can answer for it that the sound could not have come from her .
Yet he had taken the obvious risk of discovery in declaring that it was not so .
Well , he was up in the loft at the time , so that I could not put it into his own hands , but I gave it into Mrs. Barrymore 's hands , and she promised to deliver it at once .
No , sir ; I tell you he was in the loft .
If you did n't see him , how do you know he was in the loft ?
Did n't he get the telegram ?
It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther , but it was clear that in spite of Holmes 's ruse we had no proof that Barrymore had not been in London all the time .
It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther , but it was clear that in spite of Holmes 's ruse we had no proof that Barrymore had not been in London all the time .
It seemed hopeless to pursue the inquiry any farther , but it was clear that in spite of Holmes 's ruse we had no proof that Barrymore had not been in London all the time .
But surely such an explanation as that would be quite inadequate to account for the deep and subtle scheming which seemed to be weaving an invisible net round the young baronet .
But surely such an explanation as that would be quite inadequate to account for the deep and subtle scheming which seemed to be weaving an invisible net round the young baronet .
Holmes himself had said that no more complex case had come to him in all the long series of his sensational investigations .
Here on the moor we are homely folk and do not wait for formal introductions .
I trust that Sir Henry is none the worse for his journey ?
It is asking much of a wealthy man to come down and bury himself in a place of this kind , but I need not tell you that it means a very great deal to the countryside .
Sir Henry has , I suppose , no superstitious fears in the matter ?
I do not think that it is likely .
The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles , and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end .
I have not come to any conclusion .
The words took away my breath for an instant but a glance at the placid face and steadfast eyes of my companion showed that no surprise was intended .
It is useless for us to pretend that we do not know you , Dr. Watson , said he .
It is useless for us to pretend that we do not know you , Dr. Watson , said he .
The records of your detective have reached us here , and you could not celebrate him without being known yourself .
The records of your detective have reached us here , and you could not celebrate him without being known yourself .
When Mortimer told me your name he could not deny your identity .
I am afraid that I can not answer that question .
He can not leave town at present .
I assure you that I am simply here upon a visit to my friend , Sir Henry , and that I need no help of any kind .
I am justly reproved for what I feel was an unjustifiable intrusion , and I promise you that I will not mention the matter again .
I am justly reproved for what I feel was an unjustifiable intrusion , and I promise you that I will not mention the matter again .
It was certain that I could not help with those .
You never tire of the moor .
You can not think the wonderful secrets which it contains .
He never came out .
Two in two days , and many more , perhaps , for they get in the way of going there in the dry weather and never know the difference until the mire has them in its clutches .
They are really islands cut off on all sides by the impassable mire , which has crawled round them in the course of years .
I assure you that there would not be the least chance of your coming back alive .
A long , low moan , indescribably sad , swept over the moor .
It filled the whole air , and yet it was impossible to say whence it came .
I 've heard it once or twice before , but never quite so loud .
Nothing stirred over the vast expanse save a pair of ravens , which croaked loudly from a tor behind us .
You do n't believe such nonsense as that ? said I .
No , no , that was a living voice .
No , no , that was a living voice .
No , I never did .
No , I never did .
Yes , I should not be surprised to learn that what we have heard is the cry of the last of the bitterns .
Yes , it 's rather an uncanny place altogether .
No , they are the homes of our worthy ancestors .
Prehistoric man lived thickly on the moor , and as no one in particular has lived there since , we find all his little arrangements exactly as he left them .
Neolithic man -- no date .
To my dismay the creature flew straight for the great mire , and my acquaintance never paused for an instant , bounding from tuft to tuft behind it , his green net waving in the air .
His gray clothes and jerky , zigzag , irregular progress made him not unlike some huge moth himself .
His gray clothes and jerky , zigzag , irregular progress made him not unlike some huge moth himself .
His gray clothes and jerky , zigzag , irregular progress made him not unlike some huge moth himself .
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told , since ladies of any sort must be few upon the moor , and I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty .
The woman who approached me was certainly that , and of a most uncommon type .
There could not have been a greater contrast between brother and sister , for Stapleton was neutral tinted , with light hair and gray eyes , while she was darker than any brunette whom I have seen in England -- slim , elegant , and tall .
She had a proud , finely cut face , so regular that it might have seemed impassive were it not for the sensitive mouth and the beautiful dark , eager eyes .
Her eyes blazed at me , and she tapped the ground impatiently with her foot .
I can not explain .
Go back and never set foot upon the moor again .
Can you not tell when a warning is for your own good ?
Not a word of what I have said .
Halloa , Beryl ! said he , and it seemed to me that the tone of his greeting was not altogether a cordial one .
He spoke unconcernedly , but his small light eyes glanced incessantly from the girl to me .
No , no , said I .
No , no , said I .
Why , you had not very much time for talk , her brother remarked with the same questioning eyes .
It can not much matter to him whether it is early or late for the orchids .
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place .
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place .
Quite happy , said she , but there was no ring of conviction in her words .
The work to a man of my temperament was mechanical and uninteresting , but the privilege of living with youth , of helping to mould those young minds , and of impressing them with one 's own character and ideals was very dear to me .
It never recovered from the blow , and much of my capital was irretrievably swallowed up .
It never recovered from the blow , and much of my capital was irretrievably swallowed up .
And yet , if it were not for the loss of the charming companionship of the boys , I could rejoice over my own misfortune , for , with my strong tastes for botany and zoology , I find an unlimited field of work here , and my sister is as devoted to Nature as I am .
And yet , if it were not for the loss of the charming companionship of the boys , I could rejoice over my own misfortune , for , with my strong tastes for botany and zoology , I find an unlimited field of work here , and my sister is as devoted to Nature as I am .
No , no , I am never dull , said she quickly .
No , no , I am never dull , said she quickly .
No , no , I am never dull , said she quickly .
The melancholy of the moor , the death of the unfortunate pony , the weird sound which had been associated with the grim legend of the Baskervilles , all these things tinged my thoughts with sadness .
Then on the top of these more or less vague impressions there had come the definite and distinct warning of Miss Stapleton , delivered with such intense earnestness that I could not doubt that some grave and deep reason lay behind it .
I had not even time to put on my hat .
I must not stop , or my brother may miss me .
Please forget the words I said , which have no application whatever to you .
But I ca n't forget them , Miss Stapleton , said I .
When you know me better you will understand that I can not always give reasons for what I say or do .
No , no .
No , no .
Life has become like that great Grimpen Mire , with little green patches everywhere into which one may sink and with no guide to point the track .
I do not believe in such nonsense .
I fear that unless you can give me some more definite information than this it would be impossible to get him to move .
I can not say anything definite , for I do not know anything definite .
I can not say anything definite , for I do not know anything definite .
If you meant no more than this when you first spoke to me , why should you not wish your brother to overhear what you said ?
If you meant no more than this when you first spoke to me , why should you not wish your brother to overhear what you said ?
There is nothing to which he , or anyone else , could object .
But I have done my duty now and I will say no more .
The strange thing is that they should have lived so thickly on what must always have been most unfruitful soil .
I am no antiquarian , but I could imagine that they were some unwarlike and harried race who were forced to accept that which none other would occupy .
I am no antiquarian , but I could imagine that they were some unwarlike and harried race who were forced to accept that which none other would occupy .
I am no antiquarian , but I could imagine that they were some unwarlike and harried race who were forced to accept that which none other would occupy .
All this , however , is foreign to the mission on which you sent me and will probably be very uninteresting to your severely practical mind .
If you have not had any report within the last few days it is because up to today there was nothing of importance to relate .
If you have not had any report within the last few days it is because up to today there was nothing of importance to relate .
A fortnight has passed since his flight , during which he has not been seen and nothing has been heard of him .
A fortnight has passed since his flight , during which he has not been seen and nothing has been heard of him .
It is surely inconceivable that he could have held out upon the moor during all that time .
Of course , so far as his concealment goes there is no difficulty at all .
But there is nothing to eat unless he were to catch and slaughter one of the moor sheep .
We are four able-bodied men in this household , so that we could take good care of ourselves , but I confess that I have had uneasy moments when I have thought of the Stapletons .
There are one maid , an old manservant , the sister , and the brother , the latter not a very strong man .
They would be helpless in the hands of a desperate fellow like this Notting Hill criminal if he could once effect an entrance .
Both Sir Henry and I were concerned at their situation , and it was suggested that Perkins the groom should go over to sleep there , but Stapleton would not hear of it .
It is not to be wondered at , for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him , and she is a very fascinating and beautiful woman .
There is something tropical and exotic about her which forms a singular contrast to her cool and unemotional brother .
Stapleton was guarded in his replies , but it was easy to see that he said less than he might , and that he would not express his whole opinion out of consideration for the feelings of the baronet .
From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly attracted by her , and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual .
He referred to her again and again on our walk home , and since then hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother and sister .
One would imagine that such a match would be very welcome to Stapleton , and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to his sister .
Yet I am certain that he does not wish their intimacy to ripen into love , and I have several times observed that he has taken pains to prevent them from being tete-a-tete .
By the way , your instructions to me never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love affair were to be added to our other difficulties .
Never was there such a single-minded enthusiast as he !
He fights for the mere pleasure of fighting and is equally ready to take up either side of a question , so that it is no wonder that he has found it a costly amusement .
He is said to have about seven lawsuits upon his hands at present , which will probably swallow up the remainder of his fortune and so draw his sting and leave him harmless for the future .
If he would confine his energies to this all would be well , but there are rumours that he intends to prosecute Dr. Mortimer for opening a grave without the consent of the next of kin because he dug up the Neolithic skull in the barrow on Long Down .
I have already explained that the testimony of the postmaster shows that the test was worthless and that we have no proof one way or the other .
I have already explained that the testimony of the postmaster shows that the test was worthless and that we have no proof one way or the other .
No , said he , I was in the box-room at the time , and my wife brought it up to me .
No ; I told my wife what to answer and she went down to write it .
I could not quite understand the object of your questions this morning , Sir Henry , said he .
I trust that they do not mean that I have done anything to forfeit your confidence ?
Sir Henry had to assure him that it was not so and pacify him by giving him a considerable part of his old wardrobe , the London outfit having now all arrived .
You are aware that I am not a very sound sleeper , and since I have been on guard in this house my slumbers have been lighter than ever .
He was in shirt and trousers , with no covering to his feet .
He walked very slowly and circumspectly , and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance .
Now , all these rooms are unfurnished and unoccupied so that his expedition became more mysterious than ever .
Now , all these rooms are unfurnished and unoccupied so that his expedition became more mysterious than ever .
The light shone steadily as if he were standing motionless .
I crept down the passage as noiselessly as I could and peeped round the corner of the door .
Then he gave a deep groan and with an impatient gesture he put out the light .
Long afterwards when I had fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock , but I could not tell whence the sound came .
What it all means I can not guess , but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of .
I do not trouble you with my theories , for you asked me to furnish you only with facts .
I will not speak about it just now , but it should make my next report interesting reading .
If I was compelled to leave you without much news during the early days of my mission you must acknowledge that I am making up for lost time , and that events are now crowding thick and fast upon us .
Things have taken a turn which I could not have anticipated .
That would have accounted for his stealthy movements and also for the uneasiness of his wife .
So I reasoned with myself in the morning , and I tell you the direction of my suspicions , however much the result may have shown that they were unfounded .
There have been decorators and furnishers up from Plymouth , and it is evident that our friend has large ideas and means to spare no pains or expense to restore the grandeur of his family .
Between ourselves there are pretty clear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady is willing , for I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour , Miss Stapleton .
And yet the course of true love does not run quite as smoothly as one would under the circumstances expect .
Today , for example , its surface was broken by a very unexpected ripple , which has caused our friend considerable perplexity and annoyance .
I am sorry to intrude , but you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not leave you , and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor .
I am sorry to intrude , but you heard how earnestly Holmes insisted that I should not leave you , and especially that you should not go alone upon the moor .
My dear fellow , said he , Holmes , with all his wisdom , did not foresee some things which have happened since I have been on the moor .
It might not even now be too late to overtake him , so I set off at once in the direction of Merripit House .
I hurried along the road at the top of my speed without seeing anything of Sir Henry , until I came to the point where the moor path branches off .
To follow them and break into their intimate conversation seemed to be an outrage , and yet my clear duty was never for an instant to let him out of my sight .
Still , I could see no better course than to observe him from the hill , and to clear my conscience by confessing to him afterwards what I had done .
It is true that if any sudden danger had threatened him I was too far away to be of use , and yet I am sure that you will agree with me that the position was very difficult , and that there was nothing more which I could do .
Our friend , Sir Henry , and the lady had halted on the path and were standing deeply absorbed in their conversation , when I was suddenly aware that I was not the only witness of their interview .
What the scene meant I could not imagine , but it seemed to me that Stapleton was abusing Sir Henry , who offered explanations , which became more angry as the other refused to accept them .
Finally Stapleton turned upon his heel and beckoned in a peremptory way to his sister , who , after an irresolute glance at Sir Henry , walked off by the side of her brother .
The naturalist 's angry gestures showed that the lady was included in his displeasure .
What all this meant I could not imagine , but I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend 's knowledge .
What all this meant I could not imagine , but I was deeply ashamed to have witnessed so intimate a scene without my friend 's knowledge .
You do n't mean to say that you came after me in spite of all ?
I explained everything to him : how I had found it impossible to remain behind , how I had followed him , and how I had witnessed all that had occurred .
I ca n't say that he ever did .
I dare say not .
I should say not .
He ca n't object to my worldly position , so it must be myself that he has this down on .
I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of .
And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers .
But he has never let us get together and it was only today for the first time that I saw a chance of having a few words with her alone .
She was glad to meet me , but when she did it was not love that she would talk about , and she would n't have let me talk about it either if she could have stopped it .
She was glad to meet me , but when she did it was not love that she would talk about , and she would n't have let me talk about it either if she could have stopped it .
She kept coming back to it that this was a place of danger , and that she would never be happy until I had left it .
I told her that since I had seen her I was in no hurry to leave it , and that if she really wanted me to go , the only way to work it was for her to arrange to go with me .
How dared I offer her attentions which were distasteful to her ?
If he had not been her brother I should have known better how to answer him .
As it was I told him that my feelings towards his sister were such as I was not ashamed of , and that I hoped that she might honour me by becoming my wife .
That seemed to make the matter no better , so then I lost my temper too , and I answered him rather more hotly than I should perhaps , considering that she was standing by .
Our friend 's title , his fortune , his age , his character , and his appearance are all in his favour , and I know nothing against him unless it be this dark fate which runs in his family .
That his advances should be rejected so brusquely without any reference to the lady 's own wishes and that the lady should accept the situation without protest is very amazing .
That his advances should be rejected so brusquely without any reference to the lady 's own wishes and that the lady should accept the situation without protest is very amazing .
I do n't say now that he is n't a crazy man , said Sir Henry ; I ca n't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning , but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done .
I do n't say now that he is n't a crazy man , said Sir Henry ; I ca n't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning , but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done .
I do n't say now that he is n't a crazy man , said Sir Henry ; I ca n't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning , but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done .
I do n't say now that he is n't a crazy man , said Sir Henry ; I ca n't forget the look in his eyes when he ran at me this morning , but I must allow that no man could make a more handsome apology than he has done .
He had not understood , he said , that I was becoming attached to her , but when he saw with his own eyes that it was really so , and that she might be taken away from him , it gave him such a shock that for a time he was not responsible for what he said or did .
He had not understood , he said , that I was becoming attached to her , but when he saw with his own eyes that it was really so , and that she might be taken away from him , it gave him such a shock that for a time he was not responsible for what he said or did .
He would withdraw all opposition upon his part if I would promise for three months to let the matter rest and to be content with cultivating the lady 's friendship during that time without claiming her love .
We know now why Stapleton looked with disfavour upon his sister 's suitor -- even when that suitor was so eligible a one as Sir Henry .
Congratulate me , my dear Holmes , and tell me that I have not disappointed you as an agent -- that you do not regret the confidence which you showed in me when you sent me down .
Congratulate me , my dear Holmes , and tell me that I have not disappointed you as an agent -- that you do not regret the confidence which you showed in me when you sent me down .
I sat up with Sir Henry in his rooms until nearly three o'clock in the morning , but no sound of any sort did we hear except the chiming clock upon the stairs .
Fortunately we were not discouraged , and we determined to try again .
The next night we lowered the lamp and sat smoking cigarettes without making the least sound .
Sometimes it seemed impossible that he should fail to hear our approach .
We had arranged no plan of campaign , but the baronet is a man to whom the most direct way is always the most natural .
Nothing , sir .
No lies !
I was doing no harm , sir .
Do n't ask me , Sir Henry -- do n't ask me !
Do n't ask me , Sir Henry -- do n't ask me !
I give you my word , sir , that it is not my secret , and that I can not tell it .
I give you my word , sir , that it is not my secret , and that I can not tell it .
If it concerned no one but myself I would not try to keep it from you .
If it concerned no one but myself I would not try to keep it from you .
No , no , sir , it is nothing -- nothing at all ! the butler broke in ; I assure you , sir --
No , no , sir , it is nothing -- nothing at all ! the butler broke in ; I assure you , sir --
No , no , sir , it is nothing -- nothing at all ! the butler broke in ; I assure you , sir --
No , no , sir , it is nothing -- nothing at all ! the butler broke in ; I assure you , sir --
It is my business , and not yours .
I will not tell .
No , no , sir ; no , not against you !
No , no , sir ; no , not against you !
No , no , sir ; no , not against you !
No , no , sir ; no , not against you !
Her bulky figure in a shawl and skirt might have been comic were it not for the intensity of feeling upon her face .
He has done nothing except for my sake and because I asked him .
My unhappy brother is starving on the moor .
We can not let him perish at our very gates .
I said that it was not my secret and that I could not tell it to you .
I said that it was not my secret and that I could not tell it to you .
But now you have heard it , and you will see that if there was a plot it was not against you .
He knew that I was here and that we could not refuse to help him .
Every day we hoped that he was gone , but as long as he was there we could not desert him .
That is the whole truth , as I am an honest Christian woman and you will see that if there is blame in the matter it does not lie with my husband but with me , for whose sake he has done all that he has .
Well , I can not blame you for standing by your own wife .
Not more than a mile or two off .
Well , it can not be far if Barrymore had to carry out the food to it .
It was not as if the Barrymores had taken us into their confidence .
The man was a danger to the community , an unmitigated scoundrel for whom there was neither pity nor excuse .
The man was a danger to the community , an unmitigated scoundrel for whom there was neither pity nor excuse .
We were only doing our duty in taking this chance of putting him back where he could do no harm .
I do n't know .
We stood straining our ears , but nothing came .
I hesitated but could not escape the question .
I am not a child .
You need not fear to speak the truth .
No , no , it was a hound .
No , no , it was a hound .
You do n't believe it , do you , Watson ?
No , no .
No , no .
I do n't think that I am a coward , Watson , but that sound seemed to freeze my very blood .
I do n't think I 'll get that cry out of my head .
No , by thunder ; we have come out to get our man , and we will do it .
There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night , and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us .
A guttering candle was stuck in a crevice of the rocks which flanked it on each side so as to keep the wind from it and also to prevent it from being visible , save in the direction of Baskerville Hall .
It was strange to see this single candle burning there in the middle of the moor , with no sign of life near it -- just the one straight yellow flame and the gleam of the rock on each side of it .
It may have been that Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected to give , or the fellow may have had some other reason for thinking that all was not well , but I could read his fears upon his wicked face .
It may have been that Barrymore had some private signal which we had neglected to give , or the fellow may have had some other reason for thinking that all was not well , but I could read his fears upon his wicked face .
A lucky long shot of my revolver might have crippled him , but I had brought it only to defend myself if attacked and not to shoot an unarmed man who was running away .
A lucky long shot of my revolver might have crippled him , but I had brought it only to defend myself if attacked and not to shoot an unarmed man who was running away .
We were both swift runners and in fairly good training , but we soon found that we had no chance of overtaking him .
And it was at this moment that there occurred a most strange and unexpected thing .
We had risen from our rocks and were turning to go home , having abandoned the hopeless chase .
Do not think that it was a delusion , Holmes .
I assure you that I have never in my life seen anything more clearly .
It was not the convict .
There was the sharp pinnacle of granite still cutting the lower edge of the moon , but its peak bore no trace of that silent and motionless figure .
There was the sharp pinnacle of granite still cutting the lower edge of the moon , but its peak bore no trace of that silent and motionless figure .
The baronet 's nerves were still quivering from that cry , which recalled the dark story of his family , and he was not in the mood for fresh adventures .
He had not seen this lonely man upon the tor and could not feel the thrill which his strange presence and his commanding attitude had given to me .
He had not seen this lonely man upon the tor and could not feel the thrill which his strange presence and his commanding attitude had given to me .
Today we mean to communicate to the Princetown people where they should look for their missing man , but it is hard lines that we have not actually had the triumph of bringing him back as our own prisoner .
Much of what I tell you is no doubt quite irrelevant , but still I feel that it is best that I should let you have all the facts and leave you to select for yourself those which will be of most service to you in helping you to your conclusions .
But the moor with its mysteries and its strange inhabitants remains as inscrutable as ever .
I am conscious myself of a weight at my heart and a feeling of impending danger -- ever present danger , which is the more terrible because I am unable to define it .
And have I not cause for such a feeling ?
It is incredible , impossible , that it should really be outside the ordinary laws of nature .
It is incredible , impossible , that it should really be outside the ordinary laws of nature .
A spectral hound which leaves material footmarks and fills the air with its howling is surely not to be thought of .
Stapleton may fall in with such a superstition , and Mortimer also , but if I have one quality upon earth it is common sense , and nothing will persuade me to believe in such a thing .
To do so would be to descend to the level of these poor peasants , who are not content with a mere fiend dog but must needs describe him with hell-fire shooting from his mouth and eyes .
Holmes would not listen to such fancies , and I am his agent .
But where could such a hound lie concealed , where did it get its food , where did it come from , how was it that no one saw it by day ?
He is no one whom I have seen down here , and I have now met all the neighbours .
Barrymore it might possibly have been , but we had left him behind us , and I am certain that he could not have followed us .
We have never shaken him off .
I will say nothing to add to his anxieties , but I will take my own steps to attain my own end .
He thinks that it was unfair on our part to hunt his brother-in-law down when he , of his own free will , had told us the secret .
The poor fellow has enough to fight against without my putting more upon his track .
If you had told us of your own free will it would have been a different thing , said the baronet , you only told us , or rather your wife only told us , when it was forced from you and you could not help yourself .
I did n't think you would have taken advantage of it , Sir Henry -- indeed I did n't .
I did n't think you would have taken advantage of it , Sir Henry -- indeed I did n't .
There are lonely houses scattered over the moor , and he is a fellow who would stick at nothing .
Look at Mr. Stapleton 's house , for example , with no one but himself to defend it .
There 's no safety for anyone until he is under lock and key .
He 'll break into no house , sir .
But he will never trouble anyone in this country again .
For God 's sake , sir , I beg of you not to let the police know that he is still on the moor .
You ca n't tell on him without getting my wife and me into trouble .
You ca n't tell on him without getting my wife and me into trouble .
I beg you , sir , to say nothing to the police .
He would not do anything so mad , sir .
But , after what we have heard I do n't feel as if I could give the man up , so there is an end of it .
I 've never breathed a word about it yet to mortal man .
No , sir , I do n't know that .
No , sir , I do n't know that .
I ca n't give you the name , sir , but I can give you the initials .
Well , sir , I thought no more of the matter , and never would have done had it not been for my wife .
Well , sir , I thought no more of the matter , and never would have done had it not been for my wife .
Well , sir , I thought no more of the matter , and never would have done had it not been for my wife .
Only a few weeks ago she was cleaning out Sir Charles 's study -- it had never been touched since his death -- and she found the ashes of a burned letter in the back of the grate .
No , sir , it crumbled all to bits after we moved it .
Well , sir , I took no particular notice of his letters .
I should not have noticed this one , only it happened to come alone .
And you have no idea who L. L. is ?
No , sir .
No more than you have .
I can not understand , Barrymore , how you came to conceal this important information .
To rake this up could n't help our poor master , and it 's well to go carefully when there 's a lady in the case .
Well , sir , I thought no good could come of it .
But now you have been kind to us , and I feel as if it would be treating you unfairly not to tell you all that I know about the matter .
But now you have been kind to us , and I feel as if it would be treating you unfairly not to tell you all that I know about the matter .
I am much mistaken if it does not bring him down .
It was evident to me that he had been very busy of late , for the notes which I had from Baker Street were few and short , with no comments upon the information which I had supplied and hardly any reference to my mission .
I thought of the convict out upon the bleak , cold , shelterless moor .
Was he also out in that deluged -- the unseen watcher , the man of darkness ?
Nowhere was there any trace of that lonely man whom I had seen on the same spot two nights before .
He has been very attentive to us , and hardly a day has passed that he has not called at the Hall to see how we were getting on .
It had wandered on to the moor and had never come back .
I gave him such consolation as I might , but I thought of the pony on the Grimpen Mire , and I do not fancy that he will see his little dog again .
By the way , Mortimer , said I as we jolted along the rough road , I suppose there are few people living within driving distance of this whom you do not know ?
No , said he .
There are a few gipsies and labouring folk for whom I ca n't answer , but among the farmers or gentry there is no one whose initials are those .
There are a few gipsies and labouring folk for whom I ca n't answer , but among the farmers or gentry there is no one whose initials are those .
The fault from what I hear may not have been entirely on one side .
Her father refused to have anything to do with her because she had married without his consent and perhaps for one or two other reasons as well .
Her father refused to have anything to do with her because she had married without his consent and perhaps for one or two other reasons as well .
I fancy old Frankland allows her a pittance , but it can not be more , for his own affairs are considerably involved .
Whatever she may have deserved one could not allow her to go hopelessly to the bad .
He wanted to know the object of my inquiries , but I managed to satisfy his curiosity without telling him too much , for there is no reason why we should take anyone into our confidence .
He wanted to know the object of my inquiries , but I managed to satisfy his curiosity without telling him too much , for there is no reason why we should take anyone into our confidence .
I am certainly developing the wisdom of the serpent , for when Mortimer pressed his questions to an inconvenient extent I asked him casually to what type Frankland 's skull belonged , and so heard nothing but craniology for the rest of our drive .
I have not lived for years with Sherlock Holmes for nothing .
I do n't know , sir .
I 've not heard of him since I left out food for him last , and that was three days ago .
No , sir , but the food was gone when next I went that way .
No , sir .
He 's in hiding , too , but he 's not a convict as far as I can make out .
I do n't like it , Dr. Watson -- I tell you straight , sir , that I do n't like it .
I do n't like it , Dr. Watson -- I tell you straight , sir , that I do n't like it .
I have no interest in this matter but that of your master .
I have come here with no object except to help him .
Tell me , frankly , what it is that you do n't like .
There 's not a man would cross it after sundown if he was paid for it .
It means no good to anyone of the name of Baskerville , and very glad I shall be to be quit of it all on the day that Sir Henry 's new servants are ready to take over the Hall .
He saw him once or twice , but he is a deep one and gives nothing away .
A kind of gentleman he was , as far as he could see , but what he was doing he could not make out .
I swear that another day shall not have passed before I have done all that man can do to reach the heart of the mystery .
The incidents of the next few days are indelibly graven upon my recollection , and I can tell them without reference to the notes made at the time .
With these two facts in my possession I felt that either my intelligence or my courage must be deficient if I could not throw some further light upon these dark places .
I had no opportunity to tell the baronet what I had learned about Mrs. Lyons upon the evening before , for Dr. Mortimer remained with him at cards until it was very late .
I left Sir Henry behind , therefore , not without some prickings of conscience , and drove off upon my new quest .
I left Sir Henry behind , therefore , not without some prickings of conscience , and drove off upon my new quest .
I had no difficulty in finding her rooms , which were central and well appointed .
A maid showed me in without ceremony , and as I entered the sitting-room a lady , who was sitting before a Remington typewriter , sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome .
I had not quite understood until that instant how delicate my mission was .
There is nothing in common between my father and me , she said .
I owe him nothing , and his friends are not mine .
I owe him nothing , and his friends are not mine .
If it were not for the late Sir Charles Baskerville and some other kind hearts I might have starved for all that my father cared .
If I am able to support myself it is largely due to the interest which he took in my unhappy situation .
No .
Then I answer , certainly not .
Not on the very day of Sir Charles 's death ?
Her dry lips could not speak the No which I saw rather than heard .
Is there no such thing as a gentleman ? she gasped .
I have no reason to be ashamed of it .
There were reasons why I could not get there earlier .
I never went .
No , I swear it to you on all I hold sacred .
I never went .
Something intervened to prevent my going .
I can not tell it .
Again and again I cross-questioned her , but I could never get past that point .
Mrs. Lyons , said I as I rose from this long and inconclusive interview , you are taking a very great responsibility and putting yourself in a very false position by not making an absolutely clean breast of all that you know .
Mrs. Lyons , said I as I rose from this long and inconclusive interview , you are taking a very great responsibility and putting yourself in a very false position by not making an absolutely clean breast of all that you know .
I did not say that I had read all the letter .
The letter had , as I said , been burned and it was not all legible .
If you have heard anything of my unhappy history you will know that I made a rash marriage and had reason to regret it .
Then how is it that you did not go ?
Why then , did you not write to Sir Charles and explain this ?
So I should have done had I not seen his death in the paper next morning .
The woman 's story hung coherently together , and all my questions were unable to shake it .
It was unlikely that she would dare to say that she had not been to Baskerville Hall if she really had been , for a trap would be necessary to take her there , and could not have returned to Coombe Tracey until the early hours of the morning .
It was unlikely that she would dare to say that she had not been to Baskerville Hall if she really had been , for a trap would be necessary to take her there , and could not have returned to Coombe Tracey until the early hours of the morning .
It was unlikely that she would dare to say that she had not been to Baskerville Hall if she really had been , for a trap would be necessary to take her there , and could not have returned to Coombe Tracey until the early hours of the morning .
Such an excursion could not be kept secret .
Surely the explanation of all this could not be as innocent as she would have me believe .
For the moment I could proceed no farther in that direction , but must turn back to that other clue which was to be sought for among the stone huts upon the moor .
On the other hand , if I should find the hut and its tenant should not be within it I must remain there , however long the vigil , until he returned .
I mean to teach them in these parts that law is law , and that there is a man here who does not fear to invoke it .
We 'll teach these magnates that they can not ride roughshod over the rights of the commoners , confound them !
These infernal people seem to think that there are no rights of property , and that they can swarm where they like with their papers and their bottles .
I have n't had such a day since I had Sir John Morland for trespass because he shot in his own warren .
None , sir , none .
None , sir , none .
I am proud to say that I had no interest in the matter .
I have no doubt , for example , that the Fernworthy people will burn me in effigy tonight .
The County Constabulary is in a scandalous state , sir , and it has not afforded me the protection to which I am entitled .
Because I could tell them what they are dying to know ; but nothing would induce me to help the rascals in any way .
I may not know exactly where he is , but I am quite sure that I could help the police to lay their hands on him .
Has it never struck you that the way to catch that man was to find out where he got his food and so trace it to him ?
He certainly seemed to be getting uncomfortably near the truth .
It was on his track , and not upon the convict 's , that Frankland had stumbled .
I meekly answered that I had spoken without knowing all the facts .
But not one word shall they have from me , and I bind you to secrecy also , Dr. Watson .
Not a word !
Nothing would induce me to help the police in any way .
Surely you are not going !
Everything was working in my favour , and I swore that it should not be through lack of energy or perseverance that I should miss the chance which fortune had thrown in my way .
Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement .
Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement .
The boy was nowhere to be seen .
But there were ample signs that I had not come upon a false scent .
It was I , then , and not Sir Henry , who was being dogged by this secret man .
He had not followed me himself , but he had set an agent -- the boy , perhaps -- upon my track , and this was his report .
Possibly I had taken no step since I had been upon the moor which had not been observed and reported .
Possibly I had taken no step since I had been upon the moor which had not been observed and reported .
Always there was this feeling of an unseen force , a fine net drawn round us with infinite skill and delicacy , holding us so lightly that it was only at some supreme moment that one realized that one was indeed entangled in its meshes .
There was no trace , however , of anything of the kind , nor could I discover any sign which might indicate the character or intentions of the man who lived in this singular place , save that he must be of Spartan habits and cared little for the comforts of life .
There was no trace , however , of anything of the kind , nor could I discover any sign which might indicate the character or intentions of the man who lived in this singular place , save that he must be of Spartan habits and cared little for the comforts of life .
When I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode .
When I thought of the heavy rains and looked at the gaping roof I understood how strong and immutable must be the purpose which had kept him in that inhospitable abode .
I swore that I would not leave the hut until I knew .
All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden evening light , and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the peace of Nature but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that interview which every instant was bringing nearer .
I shrank back into the darkest corner and cocked the pistol in my pocket , determined not to discover myself until I had an opportunity of seeing something of the stranger .
For a moment or two I sat breathless , hardly able to believe my ears .
I never was more glad to see anyone in my life , said I as I wrung him by the hand .
The surprise was not all on one side , I assure you .
I had no idea that you had found my occasional retreat , still less that you were inside it , until I was within twenty paces of the door .
No , Watson , I fear that I could not undertake to recognize your footprint amid all the footprints of the world .
No , Watson , I fear that I could not undertake to recognize your footprint amid all the footprints of the world .
I did not know who you were , but I was determined to find out .
You saw me , perhaps , on the night of the convict hunt , when I was so imprudent as to allow the moon to rise behind me ?
No , your boy had been observed , and that gave me a guide where to look .
I could not make it out when first I saw the light flashing upon the lens .
Then you use me , and yet do not trust me ! I cried with some bitterness .
As it is , I have been able to get about as I could not possibly have done had I been living in the Hall , and I remain an unknown factor in the business , ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment .
As it is , I have been able to get about as I could not possibly have done had I been living in the Hall , and I remain an unknown factor in the business , ready to throw in all my weight at a critical moment .
For you to know could not have helped us and might possibly have led to my discovery .
You would have wished to tell me something , or in your kindness you would have brought me out some comfort or other , and so an unnecessary risk would be run .
I felt also in my heart that he was right in what he said and that it was really best for our purpose that I should not have known that he was upon the moor .
And now tell me the result of your visit to Mrs. Laura Lyons -- it was not difficult for me to guess that it was to see her that you had gone , for I am already aware that she is the one person in Coombe Tracey who might be of service to us in the matter .
In fact , if you had not gone today it is exceedingly probable that I should have gone tomorrow .
It fills up a gap which I had been unable to bridge in this most complex affair .
I did not know of a close intimacy .
There can be no doubt about the matter .
Sir Henry 's falling in love could do no harm to anyone except Sir Henry .
He took particular care that Sir Henry did not make love to her , as you have yourself observed .
I repeat that the lady is his wife and not his sister .
In that impassive colourless man , with his straw hat and his butterfly-net , I seemed to see something terrible -- a creature of infinite patience and craft , with a smiling face and a murderous heart .
Now , there is no one more easy to trace than a schoolmaster .
I did not know about a projected divorce between herself and her husband .
In that case , regarding Stapleton as an unmarried man , she counted no doubt upon becoming his wife .
And when she is undeceived ?
Surely there is no need of secrecy between you and me .
Do not ask me for particulars .
Your mission today has justified itself , and yet I could almost wish that you had not left his side .
No , there !
Not another sound broke the heavy silence of the windless night .
Not another sound broke the heavy silence of the windless night .
No , no , surely not !
No , no , surely not !
No , no , surely not !
At every rise Holmes looked eagerly round him , but the shadows were thick upon the moor , and nothing moved upon its dreary face .
Nothing .
On its jagged face was spread-eagled some dark , irregular object .
So grotesque was the attitude that I could not for the instant realize that that moan had been the passing of his soul .
Not a whisper , not a rustle , rose now from the dark figure over which we stooped .
There was no chance of either of us forgetting that peculiar ruddy tweed suit -- the very one which he had worn on the first morning that we had seen him in Baker Street .
Oh Holmes , I shall never forgive myself for having left him to his fate .
That we should have heard his screams -- my God , those screams ! -- and yet have been unable to save him !
Save from what we heard , we can not even swear to the existence of the latter , since Sir Henry has evidently died from the fall .
We stood with bitter hearts on either side of the mangled body , overwhelmed by this sudden and irrevocable disaster which had brought all our long and weary labours to so piteous an end .
Why should we not seize him at once ?
Our case is not complete .
It is not what we know , but what we can prove .
We can not carry him all the way to the Hall .
It is not the baronet -- it is -- why , it is my neighbour , the convict !
There could be no doubt about the beetling forehead , the sunken animal eyes .
To hear a hound upon the moor would not work a hard man like this convict into such a paroxysm of terror that he would risk recapture by screaming wildly for help .
I presume nothing .
I suppose that it does not always run loose upon the moor .
Stapleton would not let it go unless he had reason to think that Sir Henry would be there .
We can not leave it here to the foxes and the ravens .
I have no doubt that you and I could carry it so far .
Not a word to show your suspicions -- not a word , or my plans crumble to the ground .
Not a word to show your suspicions -- not a word , or my plans crumble to the ground .
Why , Dr. Watson , that 's not you , is it ?
Not -- do n't tell me that it is our friend Sir Henry !
Not -- do n't tell me that it is our friend Sir Henry !
When he did not come I was surprised , and I naturally became alarmed for his safety when I heard cries upon the moor .
No , said Holmes ; did you ?
No .
We heard nothing of the kind , said I .
I have no doubt that anxiety and exposure have driven him off his head .
I have no doubt that my friend 's explanation will cover the facts .
I will take an unpleasant remembrance back to London with me tomorrow .
One can not always have the success for which one hopes .
An investigator needs facts and not legends or rumours .
It has not been a satisfactory case .
My friend spoke in his frankest and most unconcerned manner .
I would suggest carrying this poor fellow to my house , but it would give my sister such a fright that I do not feel justified in doing it .
I told you in London , Watson , and I tell you now again , that we have never had a foeman more worthy of our steel .
But there was no getting out of it .
Why should we not arrest him at once ?
We could prove nothing against him .
If he were acting through a human agent we could get some evidence , but if we were to drag this great dog to the light of day it would not help us in putting a rope round the neck of its master .
Not a shadow of one -- only surmise and conjecture .
Found dead without a mark upon him .
Of course we know that a hound does not bite a dead body and that Sir Charles was dead before ever the brute overtook him .
But we have to prove all this , and we are not in a position to do it .
We are not much better off tonight .
Again , there was no direct connection between the hound and the man 's death .
We never saw the hound .
We heard it , but we could not prove that it was running upon this man 's trail .
There is a complete absence of motive .
No , my dear fellow ; we must reconcile ourselves to the fact that we have no case at present , and that it is worth our while to run any risk in order to establish one .
No , my dear fellow ; we must reconcile ourselves to the fact that we have no case at present , and that it is worth our while to run any risk in order to establish one .
I could draw nothing further from him , and he walked , lost in thought , as far as the Baskerville gates .
Yes ; I see no reason for further concealment .
Say nothing of the hound to Sir Henry .
He did raise his eyebrows , however , when he found that my friend had neither any luggage nor any explanations for its absence .
But first I had the unpleasant duty of breaking the news to Barrymore and his wife .
To him it may have been an unmitigated relief , but she wept bitterly in her apron .
Evil indeed is the man who has not one woman to mourn him .
If I had n't sworn not to go about alone I might have had a more lively evening , for I had a message from Stapleton asking me over there .
If I had n't sworn not to go about alone I might have had a more lively evening , for I had a message from Stapleton asking me over there .
I have no doubt that you would have had a more lively evening , said Holmes drily .
By the way , I do n't suppose you appreciate that we have been mourning over you as having broken your neck ?
That is unlikely .
There was no mark on any of them , as far as I know .
I am not sure that as a conscientious detective my first duty is not to arrest the whole household .
I do n't know that Watson and I are much the wiser since we came down .
We heard the hound on the moor , so I can swear that it is not all empty superstition .
Very good ; and I will ask you also to do it blindly , without always asking the reason .
I have no doubt --
Watson wo n't allow that I know anything of art but that is mere jealousy because our views upon the subject differ .
I do n't pretend to know much about these things , and I 'd be a better judge of a horse or a steer than of a picture .
I did n't know that you found time for such things .
We 're not likely to forget him .
There 's no doubt about the authenticity , for the name and the date , 1647 , are on the back of the canvas .
It was not a brutal countenance , but it was prim , hard , and stern , with a firm-set , thin-lipped mouth , and a coldly intolerant eye .
My eyes have been trained to examine faces and not their trimmings .
We have him , Watson , we have him , and I dare swear that before tomorrow night he will be fluttering in our net as helpless as one of his own butterflies .
I have not heard him laugh often , and it has always boded ill to somebody .
I think I can promise that none of you will be troubled in the matter .
And I have also communicated with my faithful Cartwright , who would certainly have pined away at the door of my hut , as a dog does at his master 's grave , if I had not set his mind at rest about my safety .
The Hall and the moor are not very pleasant places when one is alone .
There is no alternative , I assure you .
Watson , you will send a note to Stapleton to tell him that you regret that you can not come .
But that is the very thing which you have so often cautioned me not to do .
If I had not every confidence in your nerve and courage I would not suggest it , but it is essential that you should do it .
If I had not every confidence in your nerve and courage I would not suggest it , but it is essential that you should do it .
And as you value your life do not go across the moor in any direction save along the straight path which leads from Merripit House to the Grimpen Road , and is your natural way home .
It had not crossed my mind however , that he would wish me to go with him , nor could I understand how we could both be absent at a moment which he himself declared to be critical .
It had not crossed my mind however , that he would wish me to go with him , nor could I understand how we could both be absent at a moment which he himself declared to be critical .
There was nothing for it , however , but implicit obedience ; so we bade good-bye to our rueful friend , and a couple of hours afterwards we were at the station of Coombe Tracey and had dispatched the trap upon its return journey .
Coming down with unsigned warrant .
Now , Watson , I think that we can not employ our time better than by calling upon your acquaintance , Mrs. Laura Lyons .
There is no connection .
The fact is no longer a secret .
He is not a married man .
It is indorsed Mr. and Mrs. Vandeleur , but you will have no difficulty in recognizing him , and her also , if you know her by sight .
Not one word of truth has he ever told me .
Ask me what you like , and there is nothing which I shall hold back .
One thing I swear to you , and that is that when I wrote the letter I never dreamed of any harm to the old gentleman , who had been my kindest friend .
And then you heard nothing until you read the reports of the death in the paper ?
No .
And he made you swear to say nothing about your appointment with Sir Charles ?
Even now we have no clear case against this very wily man .
But I shall be very much surprised if it is not clear enough before we go to bed this night .
Never been there ?
Ah , well , I do n't suppose you will forget your first visit .
Partly also from his professional caution , which urged him never to take any chances .
I had often suffered under it , but never more so than during that long drive in the darkness .
The great ordeal was in front of us ; at last we were about to make our final effort , and yet Holmes had said nothing , and I could only surmise what his course of action would be .
It was a relief to me , after that unnatural restraint , when we at last passed Frankland 's house and knew that we were drawing near to the Hall and to the scene of action .
We did not drive up to the door but got down near the gate of the avenue .
My word , it does not seem a very cheerful place , said the detective with a shiver , glancing round him at the gloomy slopes of the hill and at the huge lake of fog which lay over the Grimpen Mire .
I must request you to walk on tiptoe and not to talk above a whisper .
Creep forward quietly and see what they are doing -- but for heaven 's sake do n't let them know that they are watched !
Creeping in its shadow I reached a point whence I could look straight through the uncurtained window .
You say , Watson , that the lady is not there ? Holmes asked when I had finished my report .
No .
Where can she be , then , since there is no light in any other room except the kitchen ?
I can not think where she is .
Holmes 's face was turned towards it , and he muttered impatiently as he watched its sluggish drift .
He ca n't be very long , now .
There only remained the lamp in the dining-room where the two men , the murderous host and the unconscious guest , still chatted over their cigars .
The farther wall of the orchard was already invisible , and the trees were standing out of a swirl of white vapour .
If he is n't out in a quarter of an hour the path will be covered .
In half an hour we wo n't be able to see our hands in front of us .
We dare not take the chance of his being overtaken before he can reach us .
The cloud was within fifty yards of where we lay , and we glared at it , all three , uncertain what horror was about to break from the heart of it .
A hound it was , an enormous coal-black hound , but not such a hound as mortal eyes have ever seen .
Never in the delirious dream of a disordered brain could anything more savage , more appalling , more hellish be conceived than that dark form and savage face which broke upon us out of the wall of fog .
He did not pause , however , but bounded onward .
Far away on the path we saw Sir Henry looking back , his face white in the moonlight , his hands raised in horror , glaring helplessly at the frightful thing which was hunting him down .
Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night .
I stooped , panting , and pressed my pistol to the dreadful , shimmering head , but it was useless to press the trigger .
Sir Henry lay insensible where he had fallen .
We tore away his collar , and Holmes breathed a prayer of gratitude when we saw that there was no sign of a wound and that the rescue had been in time .
It was not a pure bloodhound and it was not a pure mastiff ; but it appeared to be a combination of the two -- gaunt , savage , and as large as a small lioness .
It was not a pure bloodhound and it was not a pure mastiff ; but it appeared to be a combination of the two -- gaunt , savage , and as large as a small lioness .
There is no smell which might have interfered with his power of scent .
I was prepared for a hound , but not for such a creature as this .
You are not fit for further adventures tonight .
No , no , he 's gone by this time !
No , no , he 's gone by this time !
There was no light save in the dining-room , but Holmes caught up the lamp and left no corner of the house unexplored .
There was no light save in the dining-room , but Holmes caught up the lamp and left no corner of the house unexplored .
There was no light save in the dining-room , but Holmes caught up the lamp and left no corner of the house unexplored .
No sign could we see of the man whom we were chasing .
But there was no sign within it of that desperate and defiant villain whom we expected to see .
Instead we were faced by an object so strange and so unexpected that we stood for a moment staring at it in amazement .
To this post a figure was tied , so swathed and muffled in the sheets which had been used to secure it that one could not for the moment tell whether it was that of a man or a woman .
He can not escape us , madam .
No , no , I did not mean my husband .
No , no , I did not mean my husband .
No , no , I did not mean my husband .
But this is nothing -- nothing !
But this is nothing -- nothing !
You bear him no good will , madam , said Holmes .
No one could find his way into the Grimpen Mire tonight .
He may find his way in , but never out , she cried .
The story of the Stapletons could no longer be withheld from him , but he took the blow bravely when he learned the truth about the woman whom he had loved .
Holmes sank to his waist as he stepped from the path to seize it , and had we not been there to drag him out he could never have set his foot upon firm land again .
Holmes sank to his waist as he stepped from the path to seize it , and had we not been there to drag him out he could never have set his foot upon firm land again .
But more than that we were never destined to know , though there was much which we might surmise .
There was no chance of finding footsteps in the mire , for the rising mud oozed swiftly in upon them , but as we at last reached firmer ground beyond the morass we all looked eagerly for them .
But no slightest sign of them ever met our eyes .
If the earth told a true story , then Stapleton never reached that island of refuge towards which he struggled through the fog upon that last night .
Poor Mortimer will never see his pet again .
Well , I do not know that this place contains any secret which we have not already fathomed .
Well , I do not know that this place contains any secret which we have not already fathomed .
He could hide his hound , but he could not hush its voice , and hence came those cries which even in daylight were not pleasant to hear .
He could hide his hound , but he could not hush its voice , and hence came those cries which even in daylight were not pleasant to hear .
No wonder the poor devil of a convict ran and screamed , even as our friend did , and as we ourselves might have done , when he saw such a creature bounding through the darkness of the moor upon his track .
I said it in London , Watson , and I say it again now , that never yet have we helped to hunt down a more dangerous man than he who is lying yonder -- he swept his long arm towards the huge mottled expanse of green-splotched bog which stretched away until it merged into the russet slopes of the moor .
He made no remark , but the matter remained in his thoughts , for he stood in front of the fire afterwards with a thoughtful face , smoking his pipe , and casting an occasional glance at the message .
No woman would ever send a reply-paid telegram .
My mind is like a racing engine , tearing itself to pieces because it is not connected up with the work for which it was built .
I have had a most singular and unpleasant experience , Mr. Holmes , said he .
Never in my life have I been placed in such a situation .
It is most improper -- most outrageous .
Well , sir , it did not appear to be a matter which concerned the police , and yet , when you have heard the facts , you must admit that I could not leave it where it was .
Well , sir , it did not appear to be a matter which concerned the police , and yet , when you have heard the facts , you must admit that I could not leave it where it was .
Private detectives are a class with whom I have absolutely no sympathy , but none the less , having heard your name --
But , in the second place , why did you not come at once ?
But no one can glance at your toilet and attire without seeing that your disturbance dates from the moment of your waking .
But no one can glance at your toilet and attire without seeing that your disturbance dates from the moment of your waking .
Our client smoothed down his unbrushed hair and felt his unshaven chin .
Our client smoothed down his unbrushed hair and felt his unshaven chin .
I never gave a thought to my toilet .
Please arrange your thoughts and let me know , in their due sequence , exactly what those events are which have sent you out unbrushed and unkempt , with dress boots and waistcoat buttoned awry , in search of advice and assistance .
Please arrange your thoughts and let me know , in their due sequence , exactly what those events are which have sent you out unbrushed and unkempt , with dress boots and waistcoat buttoned awry , in search of advice and assistance .
Our client looked down with a rueful face at his own unconventional appearance .
I 'm sure it must look very bad , Mr. Holmes , and I am not aware that in my whole life such a thing has ever happened before .
You do n't mean -- you do n't mean that I am suspected ?
You do n't mean -- you do n't mean that I am suspected ?
I think , Watson , a brandy and soda would do him no harm .
Now , sir , I suggest that you take no notice of this addition to your audience , and that you proceed with your narrative exactly as you would have done had you never been interrupted .
Now , sir , I suggest that you take no notice of this addition to your audience , and that you proceed with your narrative exactly as you would have done had you never been interrupted .
He continually drummed his fingers on the table , gnawed his nails , and gave other signs of nervous impatience .
The dinner itself was neither well served nor well cooked , and the gloomy presence of the taciturn servant did not help to enliven us .
The dinner itself was neither well served nor well cooked , and the gloomy presence of the taciturn servant did not help to enliven us .
I thought nothing of it at the time .
He gave up all pretence at conversation and sat , smoking endless cigarettes , lost in his own thoughts , but he made no remark as to the contents .
I said that I had not .
There was no response .
You can imagine my surprise when I found that there was no one there .
There was no answer .
No reply .
The room was empty , and the bed had never been slept in .
But this theory would not work .
The man was unknown there .
I can assure you that every word I have said is the truth , and that , outside of what I have told you , I know absolutely nothing about the fate of this man .
I picked this out unburned from the back of it .
The note is written upon ordinary cream-laid paper without watermark .
The oval seal is undoubtedly a plain sleeve-link -- what else is of such a shape ?
I 'm bound to say that I make nothing of the note except that there was something on hand , and that a woman , as usual was at the bottom of it .
But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has happened to Mr. Garcia , nor what has become of his household .
But I beg to point out that I have not yet heard what has happened to Mr. Garcia , nor what has become of his household .
It is a lonely corner , and there is no house within a quarter of a mile of the spot .
There are no footsteps nor any clue to the criminals .
No , there was no attempt at robbery .
No , there was no attempt at robbery .
This is very painful -- very painful and terrible , said Mr. Scott Eccles in a querulous voice , but it is really uncommonly hard on me .
I had nothing to do with my host going off upon a nocturnal excursion and meeting so sad an end .
It was after nine this morning when we reached his house and found neither you nor anyone else inside it .
I desire you to spare no expense and no pains to get at the truth .
I suppose that you have no objection to my collaborating with you , Mr. Baynes ?
But that is perfectly impossible , Mr. Baynes , cried our client .
His voice is unmistakable .
Remarkable , but by no means impossible , said Holmes , smiling .
Remarkable , but by no means impossible , said Holmes , smiling .
On the face of it the case is not a very complex one , though it certainly presents some novel and interesting features .
I can make nothing of this mystification of Scott Eccles .
You must admit , my dear Watson , that the idea of a joke is impossible .
There is , on the face of it , something unnatural about this strange and sudden friendship between the young Spaniard and Scott Eccles .
I see no charm in the man .
He is not particularly intelligent -- not a man likely to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin .
He is not particularly intelligent -- not a man likely to be congenial to a quick-witted Latin .
You saw yourself how neither of the inspectors dreamed of questioning his statement , extraordinary as it was .
Nothing , as things turned out , but everything had they gone another way .
By some juggling of the clocks it is quite possible that they may have got Scott Eccles to bed earlier than he thought , but in any case it is likely that when Garcia went out of his way to tell him that it was one it was really not more than twelve .
Here was this irreproachable Englishman ready to swear in any court of law that the accused was in the house all the time .
I have not all my facts yet , but I do not think there are any insuperable difficulties .
I have not all my facts yet , but I do not think there are any insuperable difficulties .
You find yourself insensibly twisting them round to fit your theories .
She would not have said Godspeed had it not been so .
She would not have said Godspeed had it not been so .
Good , Watson , very good -- but quite inadmissable .
Meanwhile we can thank our lucky fate which has rescued us for a few short hours from the insufferable fatigues of idleness .
I do n't quite understand .
It is equally certain that this house can not be more than a mile or two from Oxshott , since Garcia was walking in that direction and hoped , according to my reading of the facts , to be back in Wisteria Lodge in time to avail himself of an alibi , which would only be valid up to one o'clock .
It has been a long evening , and I do n't think my nerve is as good as it was .
I should not have thought you had a nerve in your body .
I do n't know what made me look up , but there was a face looking in at me through the lower pane .
This is not talk for a police-constable .
I know , sir , I know ; but it shook me , sir , and there 's no use to deny it .
It was n't black , sir , nor was it white , nor any colour that I know but a kind of queer shade like clay with a splash of milk in it .
It was n't black , sir , nor was it white , nor any colour that I know but a kind of queer shade like clay with a splash of milk in it .
It was n't black , sir , nor was it white , nor any colour that I know but a kind of queer shade like clay with a splash of milk in it .
I tell you , sir , I could n't move a finger , nor get my breath , till it whisked away and was gone .
I tell you , sir , I could n't move a finger , nor get my breath , till it whisked away and was gone .
Out I ran and through the shrubbery , but thank God there was no one there .
If I did n't know you were a good man , Walters , I should put a black mark against you for this .
If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him .
If it were the devil himself a constable on duty should never thank God that he could not lay his hands upon him .
I suppose the whole thing is not a vision and a touch of nerves ?
The various bedrooms and sitting-rooms had yielded nothing to a careful search .
Apparently the tenants had brought little or nothing with them , and all the furniture down to the smallest details had been taken over with the house .
Telegraphic inquiries had been already made which showed that Marx knew nothing of his customer save that he was a good payer .
Nothing in all this , said Baynes , stalking , candle in hand , from room to room .
He says that they are not human .
Your powers , if I may say so without offence , seem superior to your opportunities .
I should be glad to be able to say afterwards that I had solved it without your help .
After his habit he said nothing , and after mine I asked no questions .
After his habit he said nothing , and after mine I asked no questions .
Sufficient for me to share the sport and lend my humble help to the capture without distracting that intent brain with needless interruption .
Sufficient for me to share the sport and lend my humble help to the capture without distracting that intent brain with needless interruption .
Day succeeded day , and my friend took no step forward .
Save for this one excursion , he spent his days in long and often solitary walks , or in chatting with a number of village gossips whose acquaintance he had cultivated .
He said little about the case , but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events .
He said little about the case , but from that little we gathered that he also was not dissatisfied at the course of events .
You do n't mean that Baynes has got him ?
It was suggested , but never proved , that the deceased gentleman may have had valuables in the house , and that their abstraction was the motive of the crime .
Every effort was made by Inspector Baynes , who has the case in hand , to ascertain the hiding place of the fugitives , and he had good reason to believe that they had not gone far but were lurking in some retreat which had been already prepared .
Pray do n't think it a liberty if I give you a word of friendly warning .
I have looked into this case with some care , and I am not convinced that you are on the right lines .
I do n't want you to commit yourself too far unless you are sure .
Do n't blame me .
No , sir ; I believe you mean well by me .
Let us say no more about it .
He hardly speaks a word of English , and we can get nothing out of him but grunts .
I did n't say so , Mr. Holmes ; I did n't say so .
I did n't say so , Mr. Holmes ; I did n't say so .
I ca n't make the man out .
But there 's something in Inspector Baynes which I ca n't quite understand .
They were all confederates in the same unknown crime .
But the attempt was a dangerous one , and if Garcia did not return by a certain hour it was probable that his own life had been sacrificed .
The whole inexplicable tangle seemed to straighten out before me .
I wondered , as I always did , how it had not been obvious to me before .
We can imagine that in the confusion of flight something precious , something which he could not bear to part with , had been left behind .
He is either a foreigner or has lived long in the tropics , for he is yellow and sapless , but tough as whipcord .
His friend and secretary , Mr. Lucas , is undoubtedly a foreigner , chocolate brown , wily , suave , and catlike , with a poisonous gentleness of speech .
There are no better instruments than discharged servants with a grievance , and I was lucky enough to find one .
I call it luck , but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it .
I call it luck , but it would not have come my way had I not been looking out for it .
He in turn had friends among the indoor servants who unite in their fear and dislike of their master .
I do n't pretend to understand it all yet , but very curious people anyway .
There 's no link between the two save for Henderson 's own servant , who serves the family 's meals .
Henderson never by any chance walks alone .
Where they came from , or who they are , nobody has an idea .
Miss Burnet has not been seen by any human eye since the night of the murder .
There is nothing upon which we can apply for a warrant .
The woman 's disappearance counts for nothing , since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week .
The woman 's disappearance counts for nothing , since in that extraordinary household any member of it might be invisible for a week .
We ca n't let such a situation continue .
If the law can do nothing we must take the risk ourselves .
It was not , I must confess , a very alluring prospect .
The old house with its atmosphere of murder , the singular and formidable inhabitants , the unknown dangers of the approach , and the fact that we were putting ourselves legally in a false position all combined to damp my ardour .
But there was something in the ice-cold reasoning of Holmes which made it impossible to shrink from any adventure which he might recommend .
But it was not destined that our investigation should have so adventurous an ending .
I sha n't forget the face at the carriage window as I led her away .
I was sure Henderson , as he calls himself , felt that he was suspected , and that he would lie low and make no move so long as he thought he was in any danger .
We ca n't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better .
We ca n't arrest without her evidence , that is clear , so the sooner we get a statement the better .
Strong , fearless , and energetic , he had sufficient virtue to enable him to impose his odious vices upon a cowering people for ten or twelve years .
I join in it because there is no other way in the world by which justice can be gained .
To us there is no fiend in hell like Juan Murillo , and no peace in life while his victims still cry for vengeance .
To us there is no fiend in hell like Juan Murillo , and no peace in life while his victims still cry for vengeance .
But the many whose lives he had ruined , whose nearest and dearest had suffered torture and death at his hands , would not let the matter rest .
They banded themselves into a society which should never be dissolved until the work was done .
He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .
All would now have been well for them had it not been for my knowledge of what they had done .
I have no doubt that there were times when my life hung in the balance .
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
I sprang out , they tried to drag me back , and had it not been for the help of this good man , who led me to the cab , I should never had broken away .
Our difficulties are not over , he remarked , shaking his head .
No , no , we shall all be justified when we see the tenants of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes .
No , no , we shall all be justified when we see the tenants of High Gable at the next Guildford Assizes .
From that day they were seen no more in England .
The crime was ascribed to Nihilism , and the murderers were never arrested .
We could not doubt that justice , if belated , had come at last .
It will not be possible for you to present in that compact form which is dear to your heart .
Is there any point which is not quite clear to you ?
The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without certain sacrifices which are intended to propitiate his unclean gods .
The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without certain sacrifices which are intended to propitiate his unclean gods .
The true voodoo-worshipper attempts nothing of importance without certain sacrifices which are intended to propitiate his unclean gods .
