The worst thing is it 's terribly slow boot speed , and I do n't even run a fire wall or any back ground virus checker .
It wo n't even let me shut it down , it will just hang .
It also wo n't even allow me to burn a back up disk it aborts half way through .
Sure it looks nice but we are talking about a computer not an office ornament .
For those who are looking to buy a computer that is technologically advance and will last at least a couple of years before it becomes worthless LOOK ELSEWHERE and do n't waste your hard earned money on this piece of junk .
The IMac has no fan on the processor which means on really hot days your computer could possibly over heat and shut down .
Also since there is no fan on the processor the processor is running at a slower speed then it technically could which means that there is wasted hardware potential .
There is no floppy disk .
While Pcs have tons of hardware upgrades (video cards , sound cars ... ) availble , macs have next to none .
Never have I used a more uncomfortable mouse or keyboard .
I have comparing the parts of an iMac with a Compaq Pc in the same price range to prove that the iMac is not worth it .
As you can see , the iMac is not worth it the high price or the trouble .
Why no reviews on this model ?
Because most folks are not familiar with the name Sharp as far as computers go .
This is a brand exclusive to Circuit City so I do n't think most folks feel comfortable with it yet .
It has so many features that other laptops do not .
NO Shared memory !
Now , in the majority of cases this wo n't be an issue . . but if you plan to play any of todays graphic-intense games , you need it to not be shared .
We ca n't be having our memory smashed in the middle of battle . . know what I 'm sayin ?
No problemo with this baby !
I 'm not talking hmm I think that is a little brighter .
No.
It 's also surprising to me that there is no difference in this between battery or if it 's plugged in .
There are two speakers up near the display and while they wo n't rival your desk top speakers , they do the job .
You wo n't want to be cranking your music CDs on this , but for watching a DVD or cruising the web they are more than adequate .
That 's right , no need for extra gadgets , this sucker I believe has a slot for about any size camera flash card .
Again , no need to keep track of endless accessories for everything , it 's all right here built in .
I could tell no difference between cruising the web on this with the wirelss and my PC which is cabled to the hub .
Battery life is not something I am concerned about , but this one is only about an hour and a half. . probably due to the awesome display .
I ca n't think of very often that I would need more than that hour and a half of battery life anyway , and if you 're smart you always keep a spare battery anyway .
So , to me at least , that is n't even an issue .
It has no serial or parallel printer ports , but it does have 4 USB 2.0 ports .
( I have no idea what I just said , Nick told me to add this part )
So...the thing is I do recommend this machine , just not for folks who travel a lot .
No way .
As much as I love the features on this Sharp , I just am not lugging the damn thing around !
I do n't usually write in electronics , so you folks need to tell me if I left anything out here .
My current clamshell iBook ; G3 , 333 mhZ , 6 GB , 12" , simply was not cussing it anymore in the productivity department .
As with everything out there , technology is always changing and not everything will be as great as it seems .
The fan can be a bit noisy ( I used to use only an iBook = no fan ; no noise ) so I am still getting used to the fan
The fan can be a bit noisy ( I used to use only an iBook = no fan ; no noise ) so I am still getting used to the fan
This is the only problem that I see , not enough memory out of the box .
No expansion slots
This was important to me because I purchased several PCs with Windows ME , a defective , unstable system , and only after purchasing them found that the machines could not be formatted for W98 because the chips in the machine expected the ME junk .
Despite what many people claim , PCs are not a commodity , in that the feel of the keyboard and the resolution of the screen differ from company to company and model to model .
I could select what I want ( more memory , better screen ) and dump what I did not want ( overpriced high-end Intel chips , Humvee-sized hard disks ) .
And I would not have to spend hours on the 'phone , during inconvenient times , with an idiot specifying each part , I could just enter it via the Internet .
Since the operator was in an Indian call center , he mentioned the Floridia location as if it were the next street down from me , because he had no idea of North American geography .
I do n't have space to add a separate keyboard on my desk .
I do n't use it for games ( that 's what a PlayStation-Game Cube-Xbox are for ) and I do n't use it to read email while I travel ( that 's what a PDA is for ) .
I do n't use it for games ( that 's what a PlayStation-Game Cube-Xbox are for ) and I do n't use it to read email while I travel ( that 's what a PDA is for ) .
The PS/2 jack is being phased out of notebooks , like the serial port , but there are n't that many USB keyboards available and who wants to use up all their USB ports with basic equipment ?
Other times , they were not as expensive as elsewhere .
It is only 2.4GHz , it only ships with 256MB memory (upgrades to 1GB) , this model has a 40GB hard disk but that only spins at 4200 rpm instead of the newer 7200 rpm , the memory cache is on the processor and not separate , etc .
Since memory and drives are commodities available cheaply , one wonders why IBM does n't splurge a bit and include the latest stuff , but IBM was never the low-cost leader .
Since memory and drives are commodities available cheaply , one wonders why IBM does n't splurge a bit and include the latest stuff , but IBM was never the low-cost leader .
I did not want a built-in wireless card , they typically are incompatible with third-party transmitters .
Once I placed the order and after the order was processed and on its way to me , I received a call from Dell saying that the upgraded video and audio cards were not available at the time of the order taking and that Dell has shipped them seperatly .
They told me not to worry because it was easy to install them once I received the computer .
I ordered my computer on Dec 20 2002 and did not receive it until Jan 15 2003 .
The computer never recognized either cards .
The computer never recognized either cards .
But sadly that day never came .
After several calls , arguments and upset stomachs Dell finally agreed to send out a technician and was nice enough not to charge me the 95 bucks an hour fee for it .
After I begged and pleaded for them to take back the computer , which they never did they finally sent me a second replacement computer last week .
When I called customer service to find out why they sent me another computer , they were not aware of the situation .
But do n't feel to bad for me because when I purchased the computer I chose the pay next year deal which means that I have not paid for this item yet and never will since I cancelled my credit card .
But do n't feel to bad for me because when I purchased the computer I chose the pay next year deal which means that I have not paid for this item yet and never will since I cancelled my credit card .
Dell did n't include a serial or PS/2 port ; these are ports that are outdated today .
No big loss on these ports I think you will see them disappear from most systems yet to come .
Overall the performance is fast ; playing DVD movies are no problem at all with a clear and smooth running movie .
Games are fast and produce beautiful graphics with no hesitation at all .
The built-in mouse is easy to use , not as good as a regular cordless mouse but for trips it will do fine .
Another case of If you do not look under the hood .
I will not make this another long winded review .
Do not count on the power supply not burning up , when adding more devices .
Do not count on the power supply not burning up , when adding more devices .
No concrete Motherboard Specs .
Nvidia ) ,and do not contain a locked bios .
Not a boxed version , which holds a 3 year warranty directly from Intel .
Hard drive does not have an 8MB cache .
Dimension 8250 does not have it for current price quote .
Does Dell not have any 56X ?
Not stable and nearly impossible to network .
Not suited for a small business environment , especially for networking other computers .
Without Dell , Gateway , HP/Compaq , or other proprietary imaging involved .
Some of which can not be un-installed except by reload( i .e .
You will not wonder why Dell said that XP Home is great for small businesses .
Plus , you will not have to wait for weeks / months for the return of a failed computer .
No way to have them work .
Besides the "it 's not our fault it 's the other ones " you ca n't count on anything .
Not all .
Here , even if you do n't do anything , well , it 's covering any other noises !
So do n't even think about using it in a library .
It burned DVD+RW like breeze , without problems and was surprisingly fast .
No PS/2 connector .
On the port replicator there is only 1 PS/2 connector that does n't support spliters .
Not both .
I ca n't use my acquisition devices and cannot process my data .
I ca n't use my acquisition devices and cannot process my data .
I lost one full month of productivity with their incompetent tech support ( here in Europe ) and they do n't want to hear about a return .
Fortunately , advertising the machine as PC Compatible when it is not , is "misleading advertisement " and is aimed at ending in a court .
She does n't like it either .
She does n't like it either .
I had no idea of the compatibility issues that existed when I bought my computer .
I have now owned my mac for two years , and one day when trying to sign on to AOL , it decided I no longer had a modem .
I have decided to not get my computer fixed , and to save up until I have the ability to buy a G4 .
UPDATE Turns out it was not my modem that was the problem , I have a faulty logic board .
This is quite a bit worse of a problem , as there is no way to fix it , without paying more than my computer is worth .
This is quite a bit worse of a problem , as there is no way to fix it , without paying more than my computer is worth .
I will never sign on to the internet again with my iMac.
If I had n't thought of buying a much higher model , and scrolled down on their home page , I never would have known , nor would I ever have been able to get the upgrade , as the time limit for upgrading expires on Nov 12th , 2001 .
If I had n't thought of buying a much higher model , and scrolled down on their home page , I never would have known , nor would I ever have been able to get the upgrade , as the time limit for upgrading expires on Nov 12th , 2001 .
If I had n't thought of buying a much higher model , and scrolled down on their home page , I never would have known , nor would I ever have been able to get the upgrade , as the time limit for upgrading expires on Nov 12th , 2001 .
bought this computer 12 of august '03 at the apple store in the mall of america , no additional apple care ( i'll buy that before the 1 year warranty expires ) or products to go with it .
the addition of the new ram signifigantly increased the ability to run several apps simultaneously ( and not bogging down the system ) of the mac.
i was disappointed to realize that airport extreme cards are only compatible with OS X , and so that any time i 'm using OS 9 , i am limited to either an ethernet connection ( or modem ) , or using Classic mode under OS X . gaming performance is very satisfactory on this machine , but i 'm sure i 'm not getting mega-high framerates that 128mb video cards get , but unreal tournament 2003 is very playable at 800x600 and full details set .
It is brighter , but comparing with sxga ( I am not talking about uxga)it is not so good .
It is brighter , but comparing with sxga ( I am not talking about uxga)it is not so good .
I mean brightness is not all .
Besides , that brightness adjustment button is not necessary .
It is not enough mobile .
By the way , if your battery is fully charged and you turn computer on , do n't be fooled - battery monitor show that you can use it for 3 hours , but after about 5 minutes , it show that only a little bit than hour left( correct time ) .
So it means that it is not so easy to find this laptop in every store , by the way , recently even in circuit city could n't find it ... Must be was out of stock or something ?. . Still i guess that other brands could charge more for the same stuff .
But I cannot mess up with OS... ussually when i play dvd and laptop run on batteries , dvd play with some interupptions .
At least for these all options - pentium 4( 2.8 ghz ) , bunch of media readers , spacy hard drive , cd-rw/dvd drive , NOT shared video memory , I can play games perfectly .
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak recently declared that mac os x is " not ready for primetime . "
Most mac software , including major software such as Adobe Photoshop and Microsoft Office , work only on " classic mac os" , which does not have :
As of this writing , even apple 's own DVD player software does not work on "mac os x . "
Messenger for Macintosh does not include the Voice Chat feature .
We are aware there is strong interest among our Macintosh users , but there is currently no schedule for releasing this feature . "
So if you still think Windows is too difficult to use , and/or if you do n't believe that "it 's votes that count , " then " You are the weakest link .
For some reason , many people are recommending the iMAC DV+ ; however , they probably did not have my experience .
When I tried to get the computer working by moving the mouse , the on light kept getting bright and fading , getting bright and fading ; however , the screen never lit up .
The computer did not boot and has n't since .
The computer did not boot and has n't since .
I strongly recommend that you do not purchase this computer .
I'm not a computer expert but I know money going up in smoke when I see it .
Our company had been using a four year old Sony that just did not cut it ; too slow , too heavy , too old .
Suddenly , I am not hesitant to pull out my laptop in front of clients ( Improved graphics , speed , mouse , etc. ) because of the ineptitude of my previous computer .
Regardless , here is what I like and do not like when it comes to the Sony VAIO PCG-FRV27 Notebook .
I will provide you with what I like and do not like , but this will not be a highly technical epinion .
I will provide you with what I like and do not like , but this will not be a highly technical epinion .
I simply do not understand a lot of the technical stuff .
The smaller and lighter the better , so long as you are not sacrificing performance .
No, the Vaio is not as fast as my desktop computer , but yes it is fast .
I am also able to download videos that go along with the presentations without delay .
The Vaio PCG- FRV27 Notebook meets both of these criteria without a problem .
What I mean is that there is not really much of a frame around the picture .
While not all these names are familiar to me , I am sure that some of them are used without my knowledge .
While not all these names are familiar to me , I am sure that some of them are used without my knowledge .
Regardless of whether or not you utilize many or any of these software programs , it is best to have them available .
I have never been a fan of the touch pad mouse , but am becoming a fan of this mouse .
Not so with this mouse .
The speakers are built in ( Obviously ) and provide a sound that I would not be embarrassed to utilize in a presentation .
WHAT I DO NOT LIKE :
Utilizng a couple of accessories , I can go for a good four to six hours without problems .
I had a simple question ( I cannot even remember what it was . )
Regardless , I do not expect to be calling customer service often .
This is probably too much computer for those who do not have business needs , but you never know when you will need the capabilities that the Sony VAIO PCG-FRV27 Notebook provides .
This is probably too much computer for those who do not have business needs , but you never know when you will need the capabilities that the Sony VAIO PCG-FRV27 Notebook provides .
Without a doubt , a very good new laptop from Sony .
It is not warm and fuzzy ; my friend Amber will not hug it , as she did my PowerMac G4 at work ; she would probably slide a finger or two over it , admiring the smooth , brushed-aluminum surface .
It is not warm and fuzzy ; my friend Amber will not hug it , as she did my PowerMac G4 at work ; she would probably slide a finger or two over it , admiring the smooth , brushed-aluminum surface .
It is not warm and fuzzy ; my friend Amber will not hug it , as she did my PowerMac G4 at work ; she would probably slide a finger or two over it , admiring the smooth , brushed-aluminum surface .
Encouraged by this , I decided on a stress test no computer I 'd ever owned could pass .
Not so on the PowerMac G5 !
My first attempt at this did n't work because I was installing LiveType at the same time .
On all my older computers ( PowerBook G4 , PowerMac G4/450 dual ) , I could not do ANYTHING else while capturing video .
Based on other reviews , I do n't think this will be a problem for a typical household environment .
It 's just that most people are n't going to put that kind of computer in a room where noise is an issue .
I do not advise the purchase of any hot Apple product from the online Apple Store .
Since the savings for buying via mail order are literally non-existant ( with sales tax and full retail prices still charged ) , there is literally no reason in the world not to buy retail .
Since the savings for buying via mail order are literally non-existant ( with sales tax and full retail prices still charged ) , there is literally no reason in the world not to buy retail .
For me , with projects to do and stuff to accomplish , it was n't worth waiting three weeks to get a bigger drive .
You should always buy your memory upgrades from a third party , not Apple .
You wo n't get the performance you need .
It 's probably not more than things taking .1 second instead of .5 second , but it feels even more responsive than the old system .
No problem , I thought .
I bought the extra warranty for accident coverage , and NOT to be the final step in HP 's Quality Control Dept .
" It ca n't possibly hold up to everyday use . " " It 's going to be a bust , just like the Cube . "
I can't brag about how quickly I got on to the internet , though , since my darling husband has not yet installed the Ethernet wire I bought to connect to our new router .
Needless to say , the set-up was incredibly easy and took no instructions whatsoever ( though clear visual diagrams are available for the less confident ) .
In comparing the two computers , I will be referring to the more recent iMac models , not the original fruit colored ones with the hockey puck mouse .
Also , be aware that even though I am an avid and devoted Mac fan , I 'm not a techno-geek .
Minimal Expandability : There are not many options for expanding either iMac model , though the need for expansion seems less of an issue with the feature-packed new iMac.
Hard Drive : Though hard drive size is not a huge issue for many people , I really appreciate the 60GB Ultra ATA hard disk drive on the new iMac ( as opposed to 20GB on my older iMac ) .
Removable Media Drive : My old iMac was considered cutting edge ( OK , well not really ) , because it came with a DVD player .
Operating System : My first iMac was one of the last machines that shipped without OS X .
Other Features ( not necessarily unique to this iMac ) : The G4 iMac comes with 256 RAM ( I added another 256 immediately ) , a built-in 56K V.90 fax modem , built-in 10/100BASE-T Ethernet ( takes RJ-45 connector ) , two 400-Mbps FireWire ports , built-in antennas and a card slot for an optional 11-Mbps AirPort Card .
I've watched several DVDs on this without any problem , though I have n't yet burned one .
Though I've been quite curious about this new operating system , I've also been understandably nervous in having it on my new computer since virtually all of my applications ( except the ones that came pre-installed ) are not OSX compatible .
Fortunately , I not only discovered that it 's quite simple to switch default operating systems , I also was delighted to learn that the " classic " environment ( OS 9 ) kicked in automatically whenever I tried to us one of my earlier applications .
For example , I installed my Microsoft Office 98 without switching operating systems and it works just fine in fact I'm typing in it right now .
It's actually not hard to reach since the computer itself is so petite but it sure confuses people who are unfamiliar with the G4 iMac ( " How do you turn this thing on ? " ) .
For example , I do n't think this iMac will ever take off as a computer of choice in the public schools ( a haven for the original iMac ) .
For now , I 've banned my kids from even coming within 5 feet of this baby , though I know I wo n't be able to enforce the " no kid zone " for long .
Though not quite as good as a HDTV , but not too bad either .
Though not quite as good as a HDTV , but not too bad either .
Though not quite as good as a HDTV , but not too bad either .
Connecting to the internet was quite easy , and did not require a lot of tinkering .
Though lots of web pages are not made in the extra wide format so , there will be wasted space on your screen .
You will have to buy an external mouse , since the touch pad is not really made for games .
I have not try it yet with a graphics intensive game , but when Doom3 or Half2 comes out , I 'll let you know .
I have not been able to find a program to uses the hyper-threading aspect of the CPU , so I can not give any impressions on that .
I have not been able to find a program to uses the hyper-threading aspect of the CPU , so I can not give any impressions on that .
Plus , with the extra wide screen , you can not fit it in an average laptop bag .
You can probably movie it from room to room or from house to house , but I would not recommend using it in where your lap is your only option .
Great for movies , not so great for your lap .
If there were absolutely no system files on the drive , that would allow for approximately one hour of captured digital video .
But I can do that on a $ 550 PIII much easier and faster , even with analog video if I do n't want to pay $ 1000 for a digital camcorder .
Gee , I wonder if I can plug in my old 1985 Apple IIc " Superdrive" , ah , but it dos n't support DVD either !
Gee , I wonder if I can plug in my old 1985 Apple IIc " Superdrive" , ah , but it dos n't support DVD either !
Many will be happy to find that the latest high-end system from Apple does n't break the mold .
I 've had no hardware problems .
Motorola , Apple 's G4 chip makers , has not put the money into RandD necessary to keep up with Intel and AMD.
This is not to say that the Apple system is a pushover .
I make these points to illustrate that the gap is not devastating .
That not being possible , I 'd rather take the best software and mid-line hardware .
I absolutely love the OS so slightly slower test scores could not dissuade me from purchasing this computer .
If you do n't , then I do n't see any reason to get this system .
If you do n't , then I do n't see any reason to get this system .
First of all , it does n't have a disk drive ( the hard square disks ) , you have to buy that seperately ( which runs about 100$ ! ) .
I could n't transfer any files from my old computer onto my new iMac without buying extra stuff !
I was also not happy with the DVD player , it is n't fast enough to keep up with the DVD itself !
I was also not happy with the DVD player , it is n't fast enough to keep up with the DVD itself !
Not only that , this computer has frequent crashes ( about once every week or so ) .
That is a problem in itself , but to make matters worse there is no set of keys that you can press to restart the computer .
However , the computer does have a lot of memory , it is pretty quick , and is good if you do n't constantly have to import and export things from your computer .
Overall , I would n't suggest this computer , espcially since the world is being run more and more by PC 's now ( I cannot down load files unless they are in a MAC format...very frustrating ) .
-mine arrived with a DVD drive that could not run Cds or DVDs that had certain images on them
like this ; ordinary pc 's can handle this but the Titanium powerbook has little to no tolerance for
-Then I discovered the battery problem and they sent me a new battery for free , redesigned so as not to fall out .
If you buy it do n't say I did n't warn you .
If you buy it do n't say I did n't warn you .
Well , after $ 150 for the FireWire card and 2 PC 's later , I was never able to get it to work well .
The software was buggy , the card manufacuturer claimed my PC 's chipsets were bad as I was never able to get the finished product back to tape , etc .
Along the way , it seemed as if our current PC just was n't cutting it .
I had always heard Macs were the best for photo and video , but I never was really drawn to them - the iMacs were ugly ( sorry ) , and the towers were EXPENSIVE.
Then , once the money was in I called up local Mac dealers - none of which had them in stock , then the Tyson 's Corner store ....Nothing , then the Clarendon store - they had 1 left and would only hold it for me until the end of the day ...
I 've never managed to coax more than 10 days of uptime out of any of my Windows boxes ( except my Win2k server ) that are in daily use .
No "reboot to fix this " or any stuff like that - it just chugs away .
You can connect to file shares on a Windows network , but cannot use printers or share files from your Mac on the Windows network ( without installing AppleTalk support on the PC ) .
You can connect to file shares on a Windows network , but cannot use printers or share files from your Mac on the Windows network ( without installing AppleTalk support on the PC ) .
Besides a few minor upgrades that just barely met par with technology advancements there were no changes .
The sales rep made a big deal out of how there was no fan on the processor and that meant there was such advanced technology .
He did not realize he was talking to a man who is an overclocker at heart .
If there is no fan all that means is that if there was a fan on the processor then it could be run faster .
Not only do you pay more for these machines but they are set up so as not to take full potential of their power , which is still pretty limited .
Not only do you pay more for these machines but they are set up so as not to take full potential of their power , which is still pretty limited .
The mouse design problems have not been fixed and I still think the thing looks like bas 70 's art deco .
I do n't think it is possible to overclock with the hardware in this machine .
They are n't made for adjustment and they just are n't that fast .
They are n't made for adjustment and they just are n't that fast .
I 'm sorry but this machine is just not worth it
Since I 've never before owned a " cutting edge " computer , always choosing to buy machines that were near their "end-of-life , " I decided to take a chance on the hottest of the hot , the Dual 2GHz G5 .
All of the seams meet perfectly , and I found no irregularities at all .
I can rip entire CDs to MP3 in approximately four minutes , and according to the CPU Monitor I 'm not even maxing out the processors .
( Bluetooth is only available as a build-to-order option , and cannot be added internally post-purchase . )
No longer do I have to reach around the back of a machine or USB hub to plug in my CompactFlash card reader to download pictures from the digital camera .
Nor do I have to fumble around trying to connect a FireWire cable behind the machine to capture video .
The Fans , or " The Sounds of Near-Silence "
I 've heard stories from other people who say that the fans will cycle up and down , and get very loud - I set the machine to "fastest , " and the fans stay on all the time , and the box is still quieter than my old Dual G4 was ( and it was n't a WindTunnel/Mirrored Door Mac , either ! )
Additionally , the G5 no longer supports the Apple Pro Speaker connector , so I ca n't use the Griffin ProSpeaker Cable to connect speakers to the machine .
Additionally , the G5 no longer supports the Apple Pro Speaker connector , so I ca n't use the Griffin ProSpeaker Cable to connect speakers to the machine .
The two connectors are the ADC , or Apple Desktop Connector , which supports Apple monitors with built-in USB hubs , and a DVI connector for other industry-standard LCD flat panel screens .
This means that a rather significant number of PCI cards will not even fit into the slot , let alone function .
This makes for a current limit of 8GB of RAM , assuming you remove the original RAM and replace it with eight 1GB modules ( 2GB modules are supposed to become available , but I have n't seen any yet ) .
The Goodies , or " Not ANOTHER One-Button Mouse ! "
I never even unwrapped the mouse , opting to install my Kensington Turbo Pro Trackball and Nostromo SpeedPad n50 as my input devices .
( Bonus : The Nostromo driver no longer kernel panics the machine ! )
Not you , the perspective .
You 'll never know .
A lot of research and money put into appeal , but not functionality .
And no Dell is not the manufacturer .
And no Dell is not the manufacturer .
It is not Dell memory .
Almost every other manufacturer of motherboard is not afraid to give knowledgeable or trained individuals the capability to enter the bios settings .
Most , if not all microboards have around 2 PCI slots and an AGP slot .
That is not meant to be an offensive statement to the commentator by the way .
You just can not Daisy chain several IDE hard drives .
This model surprisingly has a 7200 RPM HDD , But it does not have the 8MB cache and it is also an unknown or generic manufacturer that Dell is too embarrassed to disclose .
Most of the other names can have a full version operating system installed on them with little or no headaches .
If you are happy with your Dell after a few months , you will not care about having imaged Operating System media .
If you are not , sorry ca n't use your media on different systems .
If you are not , sorry ca n't use your media on different systems .
Do not be mislead by home version either .
I do not recommend , sell , or install this garbage unless a client already has made the mistake of owning it .
Lock-ups , poor system resourcing , will not join a domain , No internet firewall .
Lock-ups , poor system resourcing , will not join a domain , No internet firewall .
Invest in XP profesional without Dell , Gateway , or some other companies imaged garbage on the media .
You will never regret it .
Last , if not the greatest joke about Dell is their Service and warranty enhancements .
Next day support does not mean your system is fixed the next day .
You should not have to Pay an extra for something that is usually provided by manufacturers of quality components .
We have been in this business for over 12 years with hundreds of computer builds and our phones are not ringing off the hook for returns or low quality systems .
I truly do not mind making lots of money off of Dell service work .
However , It will never be a Dell .
Not in my opinion and I believe several of the silent majority as well .
not even 6 months old , why the hell is it not working . "
not even 6 months old , why the hell is it not working . "
With as much money as Dell puts into Marketing and TV , It is no wonder people can follow their animals around the yard .
SAY NO to free spamware .
Canceled my order for an Inspiron 8500 for the 5150 - and have no regrets .
The tilde key is in an awkward place ; otherwise the keyboard is fine , and does not have the problems reported for the Inspiron 8500 .
With that and an external USB 2.0 HDD enclosure for my old 80 GB drive ( now used for backups ) , I was able to retire the old desktop : the 5150 is my 'main' machine on the road AND at home , with NO sacrifices .
Best Buy had a great 18 month no interest deal and the extended warranty was better .
This thing probably won't even fit on an average tray table , it is that big .
The battery life is also not that great .
The keyboard is full sized and there is a numeric pad on the right ( the Toshiba model that also uses this screen does n't have the numeric pad and does n't look nearly as cool ) .
I have Harmon Kardon in my car and I am not overly impressed .
Just do n't think it will be something it is n't ( like light ) .
Anyway , I ordered my emac and printer last thursday and was impressed at apple 's free shipping deal ( fedex ground ) getting the package to my place by monday ! ! That 's an impressive turnaround considering there was no charge .
I knew the machine would only come with 256mb of sdram ( not ddr like the imac ) so my next visit was to crucial.com to order some ram .
Everything was packed very nicely and well organized , not crammed into one compartment .
If you knock a glass of soda into your keyboard during your next drunken stuper , not only will the liquid be contained in the keyboard so as not to bleed over your desk and precious electronics but since the keys are suspended upwards , the circuitry will not be affected by the spill .
If you knock a glass of soda into your keyboard during your next drunken stuper , not only will the liquid be contained in the keyboard so as not to bleed over your desk and precious electronics but since the keys are suspended upwards , the circuitry will not be affected by the spill .
If you knock a glass of soda into your keyboard during your next drunken stuper , not only will the liquid be contained in the keyboard so as not to bleed over your desk and precious electronics but since the keys are suspended upwards , the circuitry will not be affected by the spill .
Hard to describe without actually seeing but believe me this is a good thing .
No rebate forms for the printer included . . .
I think apple has heard the cries because the new screw is very heavy duty and it 's philips-head , not flat-head .
Not too bad but planning on grabing the iSub ( $ 50 ) for a little extra low-end .
Included speakers are good for everyday tasks , but for music there is no contention .
This has not happened to me .
I have turned them up to full volume and have not witnessed any screen changes .
I wo n't lie to you , it 's not as quiet as an imac , but it 's not that bad .
I wo n't lie to you , it 's not as quiet as an imac , but it 's not that bad .
This has apparently been fixed because I 've tried the monitor on its highest allowable setting ( 1280x 960 at 72Hz ) have experienced no problems .
There is no question the LCD of the imac is much crisper and brighter . . .
For surfing , do n't feel like you need to stick with microsoft 's bloated internet browser , IE ; Safari and Mozilla are great alternatives and are very stable ( tabbed browsing is the way to go ) .
After installing not only is the emac up to eye level , but I can tilt the screen down just a hair so it does n't catch so much glare .
Although I do not personaly own one of these monsters , I work with one every day .
This was not exactly retooled .
I will say up front that I am not a computer nerd and need something simple that I can operate without reading a lot of books or going to school .
I will say up front that I am not a computer nerd and need something simple that I can operate without reading a lot of books or going to school .
A long time ago I returned a new desktop PC to Gateway because I could n't operate it intuitively ( my fault ) , and Gateway graciously took it back , no questions asked .
A long time ago I returned a new desktop PC to Gateway because I could n't operate it intuitively ( my fault ) , and Gateway graciously took it back , no questions asked .
The next computer was another Mac notebook , a 5300 CS , which was not one of Apples finest products , but nonetheless it was fairly efficient and easy to operate .
My iMac was trouble from the start and I got no help from Apple other than advice , and after 90 days I could n't even get that unless I forked over an extra [ $ $ $ ] for an extended warranty , which I did .
The iMac functions pretty much like a PC and is no longer as intuitive as the earlier Apple products they built their ease of operation reputation on .
2. At times the screen locks up , the " OFF" button wo n't work , and the only way to shut it down is to unplug it from the wall .
3. The " OFF" button is located near the left-back of the body in a hard-to-reach place , accessible only with the left hand , not the right , a very poorly thought out location .
5 . The so-called "SLEEP" function does n't always work like it should , certainly not like the earlier notebooks .
5 . The so-called "SLEEP" function does n't always work like it should , certainly not like the earlier notebooks .
I never know what to expect next .
After years of using Apple products I may go back to a PC because my iMac no longer offers the advantages Macs once had over PC 's .
It does n't matter to me if the problems stem from Apple software or hardware ; the trouble remains and is still real .
A top notch professional computer technician recently told me that Mr. Steve Jobes ' tech meddling is responsible for the newest G4 Macs no longer operating with the traditional intuitive ease of the earlier Macs , to say nothing of the continual technical glitches .
I am not one of them .
But I could never justified it .
I got a great price on this , and I 've never looked back .
On the downside , the OS does n't work with the 256 megs of RAM the computer comes with--they should tweak the OS or not sell in this configuration .
On the downside , the OS does n't work with the 256 megs of RAM the computer comes with--they should tweak the OS or not sell in this configuration .
and dont think that you can use another mini pci card because there have been other people that have had problems doing this because the bios checks for a particular brand of mini pci card , adn they have not been able to change the bios or anything to make it work .
its not quite as nice as my apple g4 17 but then what is ?
thats really impressive , i definitely have more work space , and the colors are crisp , although it will seem a bit dull under flourescent lighting , but this is due to them not installing a protective shield like the toshiba p25-s607 which also uses this screen , but seems crisper .
the keyboard is a full size keyboard , which is great with no real odd key placements like some laptop vendors do .
Not with these speakers .
it wont last longer than 2 hrs , but you can do some power saving things such as reduce the brightness of the screen , dont use the dvd drive , etc , but then whats the fun ? this is definitely meant as a desktop replacement .
no more carrying around the adapter for these .
the case definitely seems sturdy , there is no flex in the keyboard , at least none that i can tell ( i dont want to break this ) and also this laptop is heavy .
the case definitely seems sturdy , there is no flex in the keyboard , at least none that i can tell ( i dont want to break this ) and also this laptop is heavy .
i was hoping the timbuk2 bag which just came out for the g4 would fit , but to no avail .
that definitely takes some getting used to , and the heat makes it not feel so good .
one other thing is that this laptop doesnt have themedia controls that many other laptops have , that allow you to play your cds without turning on the computer .
I am perhaps one of the worlds biggest fans in emptying my wallet , but it must be a warranted spending , and unfortunately , this is exactly not that .
It 's really terrific that you get 256mb of RAM and a 40GB hard drive with this here computer , but that 's just not enough to really edit medium to large amounts of digital video .
Go PC or go MAC , just do n't buy this computer .
We highly recommend NOT fully decking out your G5 .
We knew immediately that it should not rev up like a jet engine immediately upon booting and never slow down .
We knew immediately that it should not rev up like a jet engine immediately upon booting and never slow down .
It has frozen up , failed to recognize the operating system , take fifteen minutes to boot up ...you name it , it has n't worked .
1 313-2198 No Speaker Requested
1 950-9797 No Warranty , Year 2 and 3
The MiniTower Case is relatively user friendly if you do not want to add a lot to your new PC .
The floppy drive does NOT come standard , but you may add one to your system for Twenty dollars , as my family and I did .
If you add a wireless combo , they do not send these .
For this reason , I suggest you order any different keyboard and / or mouse separately since there is no price break in "upgrading " at the time of purchase .
The power supply is 250 Watts which may be a bit underpowered if you want to add a lot of accessories , but considering the limited expansion slots , this will likely never be an issue .
These are jumperless boards , and operate well , but Gamers may not appreciate the lack of overclocking ability .
These are jumperless boards , and operate well , but Gamers may not appreciate the lack of overclocking ability .
I do not use the 56K Conextant WinModem since I have Cable Access for the internet .
One can always upgrade through an available PCI slot should they wish if it does not meet their needs .
Because my budget was not unlimited , I settled for the 533 FSB , and performance seems adequate .
It does not appear to be as buggy as some previous Intel Chipsets , but is also not noted for extreme performance and overclocking capabilities .
It does not appear to be as buggy as some previous Intel Chipsets , but is also not noted for extreme performance and overclocking capabilities .
None of this concerns me , personally .
I probably could have gotten the same card for less money elsewhere if I wanted to shop around , but did not find the upgrade prohibitive in cost .
The Dell Wireless Keyboard / Mouse combination is manufactured by HI-TEK CORPORATION , a company that manufactures OEM products for Manufacturers , and is not particularly noted for high quality products .
When connected to the USB port it detected well , but no matter where I placed the receiver it did not communicate with the keyboard and mouse well .
When connected to the USB port it detected well , but no matter where I placed the receiver it did not communicate with the keyboard and mouse well .
They may not be the best on the market , but they are better than many , such as Fujitsu .
Performance seems adequate , although certainly not as good as the Western Digital drives with 8 Meg Buffers .
The typical end user will not have the technical expertise to disable all of the unnecessary services , disable or remove all of the Dell Spyware and Dell related Software that deteriorates System performance significantly , and the Shareware that become non-functional after 30 days from the date of first use .
I do NOT suggest using the Dell " Restore CD " which will reinstall all of the aforementioned software .
This is not for the faint of heart or non-technically inclined !
If you choose to do so yourself , be aware that you may render your computer inoperative if you do not perform this properly .
Do not install anything you will not be using .
Do not install anything you will not be using .
I do NOT suggest loading the Dell Diagnostics and utilities .
